establish model in industrial innovation
after its competitor invent the front load wash machine , the ceo of the NE_country-0 NE_company-0 company believe that each of its employee have the ability for innovation , and formulate strategic countermeasure for innovation in the industry .
1. establish an innovation fund with a maximum amount of -CONST--0 NE_country-0 dollar .
2. choose -CONST--0 innovative concept to encourage employee to conduct research and development during their work time or spare time .
3. from among them , pick out -CONST--0 for submission to an assessment committee to assess .
since the NE_earthquake-0 , the start point for construction standard in the mainland be that under an earthquake of the same magnitude , building should preserve their basic frame without collapse .
however , most of the building in this hard @-@ hit area do not meet these requirement , with the widespread collapse of school building in particular arouse intense public disgust .
raise standard to in excess of NE_earthquake-0 's -CONST--0 magnitude could leave authority with some breathe space for explanation , and alleviate public anger .
accord to information leak from numerous channel , we can say for certain that before the earthquake struck , the serious earthquake risk in the NE_local-region-0 be already well know to the NE_political-party-0 .
although current forecast standard cannot give us an accurate prediction of the exact time , place , and strength of an earthquake , there be considerable experience accumulate both in NE_country-0 and overseas in predict to within the timeframe of -CONST--0 ENT_temporal-quantity-0 , and the area of a province .
in region where the earthquake risk be high , warn the public and spread disaster prevention awareness could greatly reduce casualty during earthquake ; this be the very minimum duty that any responsible ENT_government-organization-0 should undertake .
in the past the NE_political-party-0 have do a lot of these sort of thing , but on this occasion not only do nothing , but in response to query from the public pull out some whop lie , play syntax game with word like " geological disaster " and " earthquake disaster ".
i think that if our NE_government-organization-0 have be able beforehand to do a simulation of big earthquake on this NE_mountain-0 earthquake belt , then on that day of -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , once the NE_government-organization-1 have measure the quake at a magnitude of -CONST--2 , we would have be able to broadly judge the extent of damage and destruction in the earthquake disaster zone .
if the simulation program be well design , circumstance like debris block road , heavy rainfall obstruct parachute drop , power and communication outage should all have be within expectation .
instead in this instance the NE_military-0 headquarters emergency contingency plan obviously be not a contingency plan design with earthquake as the assume condition , as the soldier all rush straight to NE_county-0 , without immediately send out troop in the direction of badly @-@ hit area NE_city-0 , NE_city-1 and NE_province-0 's NE_city-2 ; only -CONST--0 hour later be the full extent of the disaster area take into consideration .
in addition , the breakdown in communication also bring a serious problem to the surface . in the past , NE_military-0 regiment be able to maintain contact with central headquarters by relying on just -CONST--0 batter radio . on this occasion though , people have no way to deal with the communication failure .
it be clear that preparation prior to the event be not construct on the basis of an earthquake disaster simulation .
while it should have be a disaster relief command that take overall leadership , it have suddenly come face @-@ to @-@ face with the broad base of disaster victim , directly deal with them .
the lack or serious shortage of intermediate layer of party organization and unit between the -CONST--0 have result in its inability to consider major issue with endless minor issue on hand , such that even if it be highly capable , it won't last long , as it will be drag down by numerous petty thing .
this would have be unimaginable during the NE_earthquake-0 . a time without volunteer or mental worker , such petty thing as directly deal with average people be perform by the most primary party branch , as well as enterprise and public institution .
as soon as the earthquake occur , grass @-@ root organization contact their own people and average people also contact their own system or department , in an interdependent manner .
under the centralized leadership of higher @-@ level organization , everyone act to make the rescue effort very outstanding and successful , such that the NE_earthquake-0 , which happen just a few year ago , be forget all together in the subsequent reform and open @-@ up .
it be obvious that no social or political problem be leave then , nor be sequelae that cause headache to later generation .
during a time of prosperity and happiness , such a big earthquake suddenly struck .
many people die , much property be destroy , it be quite clearly a great disaster .
but it be not totally without benefit , and i believe that its greatest benefit be that it serve to strip off the false benevolence that compose the outer skin of the elitist , the politician , the capitalist , and expose once and for all the rotten cannibalistic core within .
and an additional benefit be that many people who have be delude came to their sense .
temporarily lay aside these abstract thing and avoid speak at length , say only a few detail that leave the elitist , the politician and capitalist highly embarrass .
the expert have just finish say " sacrifice yourself to help others be a foolish idea ", when the leader have no choice but to call once again for selfless devotion .
this be mere chicanery , to the point where before engaging in life @-@ save , donation to charity , these sort of behaviors , an idea have to be flash through people 's mind :
am i be foolish in do this ?
and when people see on NE_publication-0 those private firm manufacture tent in NE_province-0 and NE_province-1 work overtime to produce more tent , the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 idea that popped to mind -CONST--0 'm afraid was probably " this time these capitalist have struck it big ! "
" ENT_amr-unknown-0 be it that these capitalist instead of those capitalist get the big order form , surely there could n't be anything fishy involve ?
during this process , there be again talk about file a complaint against the NE_company-0 .
the reason for file the complaint be that even if we owe their hourly fee , they still should fulfill their obligation on the contract they sign : drive people from NE_city-0 back to NE_city-1 .
as long as we stick to this issue , NE_company-0 surely have no way of win the lawsuit if it go to court .
however , what greatly surprise me be the attitude of the student union in this appeal . they seem very reluctant to make the contract public .
they even lie , say that they and NE_company-0 initially feel that sign a contract would rather make each other feel like stranger since they be both do it for the sake of the motherland .
as you know , this type of logic absolutely won't work in NE_country-0 .
NE_company-0 accept this order of ours and deploy all the bus of other travel agency in NE_city-0 .
without the guarantee from the contract sign with us , they would surely have be unable to deploy them !
in addition , there be something else that be very suspicious .
i hear from a friend at the consulate that the ENT_government-organization-0 take this matter very seriously and have promptly agree to allocate fund to -CONST--0 .
yesterday afternoon i go back to check out the torch relay , but even the flame be practically impossible to see , let alone the guy carry the torch .
there be so many people there it be frighten . some have even climb onto the roof of bus !
i head straight for the center of activity , but in actual fact traffic be be control as early as -CONST--0 o'clock , and they have already start limit the crowd enter the sport center .
some guy be really insane , band together in group and yell out " go NE_country-0 ! "
i actually have some other classmate there , and be go to call them .
i guess the carry capacity of the base station tower be totally overload , and i could n't get through at all . i be only able to find a signal , not a chance of connect to the internet .
only -CONST--0 phone call i make there get through - that be call home .
i have a look at my call register , and out of -CONST--0 of call dialed only -CONST--1 be properly connect !
sometime after -CONST--0 -CONST--1 go straight back home to watch it on tv . the spectacle be just as astonish on tv , except that it be just -CONST--2 angle of the whole thing .
next time i won't be partake in this kind of activity ! !
NE_person-0 's experience of be under public condemnation underscore to a certain extent the tense relationship between the rich and poor class in NE_country-0 society ;
because as NE_country-0 grow prosperous day by day , the gap of wealth between the successful elite and the remain -CONST--0 people be widen .
-CONST--0 year ago , people have basically the same income , which be all deplorably meager .
however , NE_publication-0 ) show that by -CONST--0 , there be a total of 106 billionaires ( in u.s. dollar ) in NE_country-0 , with the number of people only next to that of the NE_country-1 .
now , NE_person-0 say , these response have have effect on me .
he admit that he be not sensitive enough to the current situation when he write his blog .
NE_person-0 note additionally that since NE_country-0 currently have not yet establish a sound system of social security insurance , the grow hatred of the rich be unavoidable .
on tuesday , NE_company-0 announce that it would make an additional donation of rmb -CONST--0 yuan for the temporary resettlement and post @-@ disaster reconstruction in the next -CONST--1 to -CONST--2 year .
NE_person-0 , the basketball player who be hail as a national hero thank to his success in establish himself in NE_league-0 , be also blame after he announce his donation of rmb -CONST--0 yuan because a rumor on the internet allege he have donate -CONST--1 NE_country-0 dollar for disaster relief of NE_natural-disaster-0 ( hurricane ) in -CONST--2 .
even so , donation behavior and the treatment of donation behavior should not deviate from -CONST--0 principle , namely that it be voluntary and do not seek return . otherwise , the donation lose its original mean .
in actual fact , whether it be mcdonalds or any other foreign own enterprise in NE_country-0 on the so @-@ call " NE_thing-0 " blacklist , they all give generously to the cause of help the disaster victim , exhibit their social responsibility .
even if by comparison some company really do n't donate a huge amount , they should not be besiege or subject to verbal violence in the arena of public opinion .
donate , after all , be not a legal obligation that company must carry out . urge business to donate apart from the force of moral consideration should not take the form of any other coercive mean .
as long as a company 's source of income be legal , any compulsory payment outside of legal obligation be a kind of theft .
even in an abnormal circumstance such as disaster relief , legal order and the right bestow upon by law should be respect .
if we be unfortunate enough to be unable to avoid become a disaster victim , we can at least preserve the nobility and dignity of humanity and not turn into rabble .
the lawsuit propose by NE_person-0 do not have a clear subject of the right of action ; moreover it do not satisfy the legal requirement for libel .
for example , he fail to clarify whether NE_person-0 's comment be an argument over opinion or an act of spread an untruthful statement .
the malicious intent of NE_person-0 have not be establish , either . more importantly , he have be unable to offer anything as to how to establish the damage to the -CONST--0 NE_country-0 people .
in addition , in his complaint , it be say that NE_country-0 people have already express their displeasure through demonstration .
here it be a country with the freedom of speech .
on the issue of libel , court only support those who have actually suffer damage and have no other way to seek justice .
therefore , it be very hard for the ENT_government-organization-0 , politician , and public figure to get legal protection on the issue of libel ,
because they have the capability to clear themselves of " smear ."
if you have already clear your own reputation through legal protest , for example , NE_country-0 people be not goon and thug , then a lawsuit be meaningless .
remember , a lawsuit for libel be only to clear your name and get compensation .
after NE_person-0 put forth the " NE_thing-0 ", due to mainland countrymen be deceive by the NE_political-party-0 's propaganda machine , many people advocate use force to unite NE_country-0 .
because they have no understand whatsoever of the situation in NE_country-0 and the will of the NE_country-1 people ,
they universally exhibit extreme nationalistic sentiment .
just like the love @-@ hate fusion of nationalistic war sentiment that erupt after the NE_country-0 mistakenly bomb the NE_country-1 embassy .
they similarly do not understand the real story in NE_country-0 .
but NE_city-0 people realize that first there be the NE_country-0 , only after that come " NE_country-1 ";
while this " NE_thing-0 " have purely and simply be dream up by the NE_political-party-0 .
NE_person-0 be do nothing but bring an already exist phenomenon to light .
moreover , the grand old men of the NE_political-party-0 ENT_amr-unknown-0 hand over on a silver platter a huge chunk of land in NE_country-region-0 north of the NE_river-0 to NE_country-0 , ENT_amr-unknown-1 give away land equivalent to -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 of national territory in northern NE_country-1 ; ENT_amr-unknown-2 not take this back , instead of insist on try to grab back a NE_country-2 in the hand of NE_country-3 people ?
however , even though NE_city-0 people have their grumble , the " NE_thing-0 " have in no way trigger a sentimental attachment in hong kong people for " NE_country-0 ".
i believe that our build industry here have not yet reach this level .
not only have the law not yet reach this level , but the average person 's understand have generally not reach this level .
some official , out of local economic consideration , by accident or design be frequently too lenient in deal with property agent .
we all saw the damage wreak by the NE_earthquake-0 .
as to how much of this be a result of natural disaster , and how much be man @-@ make calamity , a verdict will be draw in the end .
apparently , quality check in the space industry be extremely rigorous , each part undergo several inspection process , every effort be make to ensure absolute safety .
but space ship accident still happen from time to time .
even such technologically advance nation as the NE_country-0 have experience several instance of space flight launch or return failure .
since thing can still go wrong even when they be subject to incredibly rigorous inspection as in the space industry , then , with our current " dark " and corrupt property industry the way it be , people 's life be even harder to place guarantee on .
once a powerful earthquake strike , the people 's life really do become as tiny as those of ant .
it make one tremble even without fear .
follow the NE_earthquake-0 this time , there be compatriot who struggle out of the debris , wipe their tear and bury the body of their family , but they brace up again and declare to the world , " we be not beat down ; we be on our feet again ; the earthquake cannot shake the staunch will of the NE_country-0 people ; trial and tribulation serve only to revitalize a nation ! "
this enable us to see the fight spirit of the dauntless NE_country-0 nation give off a dazzle radiance among people in disaster @-@ hit area .
the fact that these word be speak by compatriot who have be through the disaster have give us , who could n't help our tear at the sight of their mishap , so much comfort and encouragement . it give us a hint that no force can beat down the NE_country-0 people .
however , the word later reappear somewhere else and from someone unusual , which i think about for a few day . -CONST--0 feel , for some unknown reason , it be somewhat scary !
i just want to say , let there be no more disaster , so that NE_country-0 be safe and sound from now on and disaster be far away from NE_country-1 .
i pray to the NE_person-0 to open his eye and do n't let disaster visit the NE_country-0 land again !
we do n't want to revitalize the nation through trial and tribulation ,
but rather we want to revitalize the nation by pass our day safe and sound !
-CONST--0 important reason that a great number of people bury or trap in debris in the NE_earthquake-0 @-@ hit area be save be that they be full of hope and firmly believe the NE_military-0 would come to their rescue !
to settle victim , -CONST--0 of tent that stretch mile be soon set up , which contain public toilet , shop , and primary school and middle school .
-CONST--0 or even million of those displace by the disaster have gradually have a home to shelter from the wind and rain !
if everything be put in the market , such that all the land be sell to syndicate or farm owner , then ENT_amr-unknown-0 should the ENT_government-organization-0 set up tent ?
do they expropriate the land on the spot ?
even the ENT_government-organization-0 cannot override the market !
support the disaster @-@ hit area have test our competence , while the ENT_government-organization-0 's ability to rule also stand the trial !
at critical moment , the rule foundation --- worker and farmer , show staunch support to the ENT_government-organization-0 !
if everything be put in the market , such that worker and farmer would have their fate control by the market and no long count on or rely on the ENT_government-organization-0 by walk onto a path of the so @-@ call " find the market rather than the mayor ( ENT_government-organization-1 ) ," then ENT_amr-unknown-0 power would the ENT_government-organization-2 have ?
the post @-@ catastrophe hyperinflation as expect by foreigner have not come either !
the ENT_government-organization-0 have human and financial capital under control , as well as energy and resource !
for example , the value of " seize the pleasure of the moment " also have a long history .
" sing a song when thou have wine , seize the day since life be short." some people in contemporary time think we should " satisfy and die ."
some people have go so far on the road that they " don't know how to eat or play , "
and other take nude picture and flaunt them online .
for another example , the pursuit of office title and level can also be trace back to the old day .
in ancient time there be NE_person-0 to distinguish the order of hierarchy and nobility , construct a pyramid @-@ like social organizational structure .
the NE_person-0 wore different clothe than others . the color of a door and the number of caldrons use for meal be all symbol to distinguish the hierarchy and nobility of people .
the aim be to settle dispute , stop fight and stabilize the society .
however , simultaneously it have also establish a system that value life accord to office level , which to the contrary trigger contention and destabilized the society .
yet no matter how many change of dynasty there be , the value system have always be carry on .
higher or lower rank in NE_dynasty-0 be distinguish by bird and animal pattern on clothe , NE_location-0 use the size and color of a sedan chair as the symbol to distinguish between different rank , and modern people use the motor vehicle displacement as a symbol to distinguish between different position , all of which can be trace to the same origin .
i do n't care how much NE_person-0 waste every time he climb a mountain , but i do strongly despise how -CONST--0 talk and the way -CONST--1 act during this whole thing .
after donate , he suggest that charity should not be the burden of business , and therefore stipulate that his company 's employee donation should not exceed -CONST--0 yuan .
totally absurd logic . NE_person-0 's reason be that make donation to charity then the burden of business could cause company to fail in market competition ;
but we can see such philanthropist as NE_person-0 , NE_person-1 , NE_person-2 have not affect the growth of their enterprise in any way . instead , they have actually increase the competitiveness of their company .
and there be some netizens who hit back in the NE_person-0 donation issue by admonish us for forcing donation on moral ground .
exactly ! an excellent justification !
if you say that netizens rebuke NE_person-0 be force donation , then ENT_amr-unknown-0 kind of behavior be NE_person-1 prevent employee from donate more than -CONST--0 yuan ?
NE_person-0 be the economic version of a cold @-@ blood animal , and we do n't care ,
but ENT_amr-unknown-0 come NE_person-0 , ENT_amr-unknown-1 come he want to restrict what employee do or do n't do on moral ground ?
this really be a case of one rule for some , another rule for everyone else ! !!
we see , as at -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 have accept up to -CONST--2 in disaster @-@ relief donation domestically and internationally , of which -CONST--3 be from domestic donor .
what we can see now be merely the name and figure of each donor constantly list in what be like an honor roll .
yet unfortunately , we do n't have more detail information of the whereabouts and specific use of the donate fund .
as corruption have long be prevalent among local ENT_government-organization-0 and economic audit be not transparent enough , disaster @-@ relief fund be often appropriate , exhaust , expropriate and embezzle .
therefore , once such a huge amount of disaster @-@ relief fund from people the world and NE_country-0 be embezzle or otherwise partially transfer by local official , the result political damage and lower of the ENT_government-organization-0 's image domestically and internationally will completely negate the positive image brought by the government 's -CONST--0 effort .
if the donation be directly put in the hand of disaster @-@ hit people , it would push local price higher , drive the already high inflation to a direction that be even harder to regulate .
it be say that our country 's earthquake forecast be at an advanced level in the world .
but the glory of the earthquake worker do not produce good luck for the depart spirit of NE_county-0 .
so , we again hear expert figure emphasize once again , " earthquake forecast be a global challenge that so far no one have be able to solve ."
consequently , we come to realize that the academic laurel for " the success rate of prediction of impend earthquake that have already reach almost -CONST--0 %" be just condition and capital use to apply for fund , evaluate professional title and seek remuneration , rather than a hard rationale use to reduce bloodshed and death .
we should offer earthquake worker our full understand .
face the caprice of nature , humankind be really insignificant .
furthermore , although our sense of security increase with each pass day in line with " significant advance achieve " in seismology , we cannot look to anyone to give us any promise .
because , once someone have make a promise , he would be doom thereafter to bear this bloody weight of " be unable to effectively avoid earthquake disaster ."
and by not issue any promise , he could actually avoid be censure .
because " there be no way to make prediction "!
human can manufacture tank that be much more powerful than ant , but human cannot manufacture a live ant...
however advance instrument manufacture by human be , -CONST--0 level of complexity cannot compare with a section of a toad 's nerve .
do not regard earthquake prediction as a " practical skill "; rather regard it as academic work in a study .
take no notice of the real result in term of prevent earthquake or minimize disaster ; rather singlemindedly pursue the scientific research level embody in " prediction success rate ."
in the course of major disaster warning , too many dispute relate to power and interest be entangle .
the direction of research into -CONST--0 prevention and disaster minimization be just confine to research into the phenomenon of earthquake , but effort to intervene in urban construction , to formulate and supervise build standard , and perfect and improve disaster rescue mechanism and other aspect have be neglected.... .
we have also become blindly abreast of foreign country even in earthquake research : we do n't believe in live being raise as part of nature ; we just believe in the instrument we ourselves manufacture .
we do n't believe the warning send out by nature ; we just believe the warning emit by instrument in laboratory .
we do n't believe in what be see and hear with their own eye by -CONST--0 of ordinary people ; we just believe in the authoritative conclusion of expert and scholar .
NE_country-0 seismology be gallop down the wrong road .
real estate be only -CONST--0 part of the national economy but the -CONST--1 phenomenon exist in every sector of the national economy .
the swift large @-@ scale failure and bankruptcy of collective enterprise and state @-@ own enterprise be proof of this .
thing have reach the step where the national television station have to set up a stage with the country 's military singer , high @-@ class singer , as well as top @-@ of @-@ the @-@ line celebrity from all walk of life sing to folk like NE_person-0 for donation .
we should n't be too bother if folk like NE_person-0 say something unpleasant .
a defeat general can n't claim to be brave .
in front of folk like NE_person-0 , the NE_government-organization-0 be all defeat general .
because the miss @-@ in @-@ action army who build NE_country-0 have be beat to a pulp by folk like NE_person-0 ; even if NE_country-1 have no earthquake , there will be flood , as well as NE_disease-0 , snowstorm , big freeze etc.
NE_country-0 be a land of many catastrophe - this have always be true and always will be .
relying on sing for donation , entertain for one 's supper , will not solve the problem .
and time and time again ask the national television station to get out there and carry the national flag , carry on like this in the name of the country be outrageous , it 's the NE_government-organization-0 's problem .
all the people with -CONST--0 mind " as the national anthem be inspire by the foresight of " always be prepare ", design for " advance , advance , advance , enter ! " instead of be design for repeat beg , plead for donation , and fund @-@ raise .
from leader to the common people , everyone need to keep that in mind .
when we go back to the -CONST--0 th century -CONST--1 , we find that the -CONST--2 th century -CONST--3 give birth to the -CONST--4 entrepreneur .
because the -CONST--0 th century -CONST--1 be the very time when limited liability company be establish ; the catholic pope of the time have such a conviction during the -CONST--2 th century .
are you afraid of go to hell when you die ?
yes , you be afraid - ENT_amr-unknown-0 could you not go just because you be afraid ?
donate -CONST--0 property to the NE_organization-0 , show your loyalty to NE_person-0 and you won't go to hell ,
so a lot of rich people donate their money to the NE_organization-0 before they die .
by the -CONST--0 th century -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 ENT_percentage-entity-0 of NE_country-0 's territory belong to the NE_organization-0 ,
but their clergymen could n't manage it , and be unable to pass it on to the next generation . ENT_amr-unknown-0 could they do ?
so they set up the modern limited liability company .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 do they set it up ?
they hire professional manager to run these NE_organization-0 enterprise ,
these professional manager be the administrator ,
and ENT_amr-unknown-0 be the proprietor of these company ?
NE_organization-0 .
so ENT_amr-unknown-0 do this confirm ?
the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 step in separate the administration right from ownership ,
in no way because this be a great system , but rather that this be inevitable within the NE_organization-0 enterprise .
when forecast earthquake , ENT_amr-unknown-0 do it happen that only a few case be successful while most case be failure ?
accord to this writer 's many year of research on precursory sign , the existence of precursory sign and earthquake prediction be -CONST--0 issue that be both connect and mutual differentiate .
the appearance of a precursory sign do n't mean it can accurately forecast the -CONST--0 element of an earthquake , because precursory sign be extremely complicate .
there be certain difference in the category , breadth , distribution range , and duration of precursory sign of different type of earthquake in different place .
in " NE_publication-0 , " this writer divide earthquake into -CONST--0 major type accord to the overall characteristic of pre @-@ earthquake sign : strike @-@ type and slip @-@ type earthquake .
the former occur in area where internal fault block or fault line converge but not intersect , while the latter occur in active fault line .
strike @-@ type earthquake have various type of precursory sign , which be widespread , long @-@ last , and quite variable .
slip @-@ type earthquake have fewer type of precursory sign , which have a smaller distribution range , short duration period , and smaller range of change .
in NE_city-0 , which be over -CONST--0 kms away from the epicenter , the earthquake should not have an intensity of over -CONST--1 , or -CONST--2 at the most .
there should not be any safety problem for class a building like those at the airport , hospital and school that be design to withstand a intensity of -CONST--0 .
so most building in NE_city-0 should still be able to use after emergency assessment , and citizen may go home reassure .
if not so , an investigation should be conduct for any jerry @-@ build project .
if large sum of money have be spend to provide protection , yet it fail to work when the earthquake come ,
such that nobody dare to live at home , be able to use hospital , or accesses airport , then have the money be throw for nothing ?
probably some would say the national build criteria for earthquake resistance be enact in recent year , and older building may not comply with the requirement .
however , at the same time the ENT_government-organization-0 enact the earthquake resistance criteria , it require all exist building which do not satisfy the -CONST--0 to be reinforce and remove of danger in a timely fashion .
thus one cannot shirk responsibility on excuse that it be an old build .
in addition , the ENT_government-organization-0 also have criteria for earthquake resistance and prevention for rural building .
the earthquake in NE_province-0 stun everyone .
elementary school building collapse , and children be bury in the rubble .
middle school building collapse , and young student be bury under the crumble wall .
kindergarten building also collapse , and little child 's frail body fall helplessly next to the crumbled wall where they close their innocent eye forever .
we could n't help cry at this sorrowful scene .
children be the flower of our motherland and future of our motherland .
these flower of life die early in a natural disaster .
natural disaster cannot be predict , but the school building should not have collapse .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 be the building behind the school building still there while the school building where children study collapse from the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 floor to the ENT_ordinal-entity-1 floor leave only crumble wall ?
children , you should n't have depart like this .
every year , all level of NE_government-organization-0 be hold from local ENT_government-organization-0 to the NE_government-organization-1 .
deputy to the NE_government-organization-0 , -CONST--0 make an all @-@ around inspection of school building in all area and inspect whether or not the school building in -CONST--1 constituency be up to local earthquake @-@ resistance standard , and then quickly make a proposal accord to the exist problem and push each level of the ENT_government-organization-0 to complete rectification and improvement within a limited time .
special legislation in the NE_government-organization-0 on construction of school building should be propose .
there need to be special legal procedure for the design , material , construction , completion , and inspection of the school building to ensure that top priority be give to quality and durability .
allow all children to study safely be the sacred and bounden duty of the NE_government-organization-0 .
in -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 year @-@ old NE_person-0 have already be revive once after suffer a myocardial infarction .
to get effective care for his condition , the NE_organization-0 of the NE_organization-1 of the NE_political-party-0 establish a special treatment team , in charge of his medical treatment and care .
the NE_organization-0 also specifically assign people to the task of NE_person-0 's medical care , take turn with the doctor and nurse to be on constant vigil at his live quarter .
on the day of the NE_earthquake-0 , i.e. -CONST--0 -CONST--1 th , those on duty at -CONST--2 's quarter be NE_person-0 , NE_person-1 , and NE_person-2 's confidential secretary , NE_person-3 .
in the early hour of the morning , with the clock hand point to -CONST--0 @:@ -CONST--1 , the ground of NE_palace-0 suddenly start to shudder .
in NE_person-0 's residence , the glass window in the foyer door rattle uncontrollably , and there be a huge bang from below like a tractor start up , with NE_person-1 's sickbed shake non @-@ stop.......
while NE_person-0 be convalesce , the employee and medical staff around -CONST--0 be all in a state of high tension , maintain extremely silent surroundings and atmosphere .
in normal time , apart from the talk and noise of medical instrument when the doctor revive him , not a whisper could be hear .
after the ninety , state @-@ own engineer enterprise stop recruit construction worker .
but that be n't to say they stop hire people , but those they take in be all graduate with professional diploma from polytechnic school , technical college , and university ; these staff all went into management .
during the early ninety , the formal employee of this enterprise still have complete work team , such as bricklaying team , woodwork team , steel reinforcement team , and machinery maintenance team , but since they could not cope with a large volume of project task , they be already cooperate with some migrant worker unit , in other word the familiar " contract gang ".
a collision occur between tradition and reality .
due to formal work unit no long take on young employee , work unit get increasingly older and break up .
some staff ( extremely few ) enter management .
a few exceptional former team leader gradually become project manager .
others become material officer , safety officer and quality control officer , etc.
those without connection become staff monitor the construction site------similar to the security guard of today .
the worker no long form complete operate team .
and at this time , migrant worker unit gain an opportunity to develop .
the entire on @-@ site operation work be all carry out by contract gang .
work unit disband .
the status of these worker be also change .
the corrupt mentality that treat dinner and gift @-@ give be necessary for get thing done be deeply root in the mind of people from all walk of society .
in each case of corruption , those power @-@ wield bureaucrat , those scholar or technician who have corner the market in their field , those capitalist with vast wealth , they be the rule force of this society , and also the one who profit from the corruption .
the powerless , pennyless work public with no access to information technology resource %pw be the one who lose out from the corruption .
today 's society be corrupt in every direction , and the direct cause be the reinstatement of private ownership and the scrap of the public supervision of the NE_person-0 era .
in privatized society , everybody trample over others try to maximize their own interest .
doctor who do n't receive ' red envelope ' have no motivation to properly cure the patient .
teacher openly ask student to give them gift ,
gang ringleader use cash to have the media make them out as hero ,
capitalist try to annex state @-@ own property team up with scholar and academically demonstrate state @-@ own monopoly to be the reason behind corruption , and then reap in the profit .
frequently the public , under the guidance of the mainstream media , only concern themselves with administrative and judicial corruption ; this in itself be a type of corruption .
do commodity price have a base value worth talk about ?
do commodity have a true value ?
these be already element of uncertainty .
with thing , less be more ; sell as much as you want , as long as somebody will buy .
in fact , in a socialist country one cannot act in that way .
in the area of profit from commodity , there have be no system in place and no legal provision ever since the reform , there be no last word on how many multiple of cost profit be allow to be , or what ENT_percentage-entity-0 .
NE_country-0 's self @-@ sufficient , natural economy be not without any advantage . at least it do n't try to reap large profit off its own people ,
now the exact opposite be the case .
a home appliance - whether you be NE_country-0 or a foreigner , which regional category you fit in , whether you be a big city or a small city , whether you be a worker or a peasant - be always the same price .
not know how much profit be in there , not care who can afford it and who can n't , these do not seem to be the principle of socialism .
and with farmer ' grain and rural product , if the country do n't wipe out agricultural tax and do n't offer any subsidy , keep on produce be a problem .
in order to improve the people 's live standard , the ENT_government-organization-0 set thing so that grain be always the same price whether sell to big city or to rich people .
with this kind of ratio in existence , in struggle area try for a comfortable life be very difficult .
this issue should attract the close attention of economist .
-CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 , NE_person-0 have his -CONST--3 th birth day , his last -CONST--4 .
upon turn -CONST--0 , NE_person-0 feel apparently that he be old and would die soon .
therefore , around his birthday those few year , NE_person-0 have always talk about life and death from ENT_temporal-quantity-0 to time .
one thing he often say be : " -CONST--0 and -CONST--1 be age at which you will be go even if the NE_person-0 do n't call you ."
also since he turn -CONST--0 , people have be pay more and more attention to NE_person-0 's birthday .
within the country , people dare not celebrate his birthday publicly , so they would celebrate quietly at home .
local ENT_government-organization-0 dare not present gift to NE_person-0 , but would convey their blessing to NE_person-1 in various way .
in the year before NE_person-0 pass away , his hometown NE_province-0 would specially send thing like long life noodle on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 every year .
for this , NE_person-0 have accept with pleasure , which be quite unusual .
despite NE_company-0 's status as the globe 's most financially endow high @-@ tech leader , bargain with NE_company-1 be something that be sure to leave you greatly disillusion .
NE_company-0 's dictionary have never contain the word " generous ".
so when the NE_person-0 yangs hope that by bargain they can bump up NE_company-0 's purchase price , they be be very unrealistic .
NE_company-0 raise its price ever so slightly already represent a big concession , prove that it really do want to get its hand on NE_company-1 ! .
ultimately choose to give it up be obviously a very painful decision for NE_company-0 .
right from the start , this be a super acquisition that lack bite ; despite the number be huge , even if the acquisition be successful , truly revolutionize the framework of the internet be simply not possible .
however , when the acquisition do fall through , it be also quite disappointing .
to us global observer watch the bustle scene , give up the acquisition be like a play stop abruptly halfway through , without ever get the chance to watch the rest of the fun , and indeed there be no shortage of theatrical transformation .
we have no choice but to return back to our mundane life , and wait for this increasingly passion @-@ destroy industry to come up with the next affair of note .
since last -CONST--0 , when his daughter be diagnose with symptom such as bloody feces and kidney stone , NE_person-0 have be in succession to NE_city-0 in NE_province-0 , NE_province-1 , NE_city-1 , NE_city-2 , NE_city-3 , and more to take his daughter to hospital for treatment , but the child 's illness have continue to improve and decline .
this -CONST--0 , NE_person-0 , work in NE_city-0 , take his daughter to the NE_city-1 NE_hospital-0 for examination and treatment .
the result of the examination be that the upper rectum be severely infect and the right kidney expand . the kidney stone find in previous hospital treatment be not find this time .
NE_person-0 say that his daughter , a little over -CONST--0 year old this year , have eat NE_milk-0 powder for over -CONST--1 year . last -CONST--2 after the bloody feces appear , family member take his daughter to the NE_city-0 hospital for examination . the doctor inform them that " there be no better treatment method , just have her drink more water ."
worry about his daughter 's illness , NE_person-0 ask the county hospital to issue a certificate to transfer her to another hospital , to let his daughter go to a better hospital for treatment .
the hospital NE_organization-0 tell NE_person-0 that issue of the certificate to transfer to another hospital would require the approval of the NE_government-organization-0 , and more than -CONST--0 ENT_temporal-quantity-0 would be need .
" i go repeatedly to find the relevant health department , but they pass my case back and forth . i be helpless and could only take my daughter to the place where i work -- NE_city-0 , to carry out treatment ."
have to suffer this pain .
the doctor in charge tell us that the kid would be out of danger if he could just urinate .
get him to urinate could n't be more difficult !
this urine be more valuable than gold .
he do n't pee at all during the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 -CONST--0 or -CONST--1 day in hospital .
we be all desperate at that time .
the hospital already arrange for him to undergo dialysis surgery .
and my satisfy son finally urinate .
out of danger at last , but -CONST--0 trouble pass and another -CONST--1 took its place , there come an acute diarrhea and fever , he be stooling several -CONST--2 ENT_temporal-quantity-0 every day , you can imagine the suffer .
he have just dance a circle around the NE_person-0 , and encounted this problem on top of that . i be really worry he would n't pull through .
i do n't know what be happen with the injection treatment at the hospital - the more they inject him the worse the diarrhea , nothing would stop it .
after a few more day of treatment , the kid 's diarrhea be a little better and the doctor get him to do an ultrasound .
the kidney stone have be wash out by the medicine . there be no more stone on his kidney .
the hospitalization be very expensive and our family could n't afford it , so we have no choice but to leave the hospital and go home .
on the night of NE_festival-0 he pass out a stone by himself , it be a sedimentary one .
the whole family be really excite , we all think he be better , that he be cure .
over -CONST--0 NE_ethnic-group-0 pupil in -CONST--1 th primary school in NE_city-0 be inject , *and there be actually NE_ethnic-group-1 student from the same school involved*, it be shock !
on the day of -CONST--0 -CONST--1 st alone , at the entrance of " NE_facility-0 " on NE_city-0 's NE_road-0 , -CONST--2 people be inject and sent to hospital .
on the same day , in NE_city-district-0 , no.106 bus have just pull up at the NE_stop-0 when several people be inject , soon , the NE_ethnic-group-0 assailant jump from the bus and flee , but they be soon detain after bystander give chase .
the -CONST--0 and many other bus also experience a number of poison syringe case .
on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , the no. -CONST--2 bus explode near NE_road-0 , while the no. -CONST--3 bus be bomb at the same time .
nevertheless , all news be block .
but witness shortly after spread the news to the outside world by telephone - NE_city-0 security be extremely deteriorate !
even more ironic be in late -CONST--0 , when *president NE_person-0 jintao* have just visit NE_country-region-0 on an inspection tour . upon his return to NE_city-0 , the situation in NE_city-1 be far from settle , instead the *uyghur terrorists* become even more rampant , and the number of attack and bombings be increase rather than decrease !
the incompetence of the NE_country-region-0 ENT_government-organization-0 would make the NE_government-organization-0 extremely troublesome !
listen to NE_music-0 by NE_band-0 , see the photograph album in which photo show collage of compatriot receive award , i do n't know when people should cry , and my heart be lose .
after so many year can they still sing NE_music-0 ?
dear friend , let me fill in some of the word for the melody right now in my heart .
do n't worry , the cold @-@ blood be n't me , it 's a part of my heart .
if an NE_game-0 be hold take the damage done to mankind by industrial pollution as theme , i think our dear motherland should be able to win a gold medal and a champion of win the grand total in gold medal . i just do n't know how the open ceremony would be run , how volunteer should be recruit , or which song should be sing lustily .
the title of the sick man of NE_world-region-0 once go far away follow the revolutionary course brim with victory , but after see this group of photo , i feel that they have whistle back with this brand new attitude of faster , higher , stronger .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 be different be that i dare not expect for ; in ENT_amr-unknown-1 way can we have again " the destruction of opium at NE_city-0 " with " uphold the country 's interest with one 's life ".
because we and our motherland cannot depart from this shock pollution . what we can do be just to improve , adjust and vaguely hope .
the people who have be sacrifice have , without choice , use their life to pave the road to success for another group of people .
at that time , -CONST--0 of city youth head to the countryside , but by no mean be all of them be true believer .
some be under pressure to show their " revolutionary zeal ", others go because there be no job in the city .
the poverty and backwardness of the countryside be appal , and most of the educate youth become disillusion .
in the middle of the -CONST--0 's the intensity of the NE_event-0 wane , and one after one the youth return to the city or go to study in university , but back then there be n't an exam to get into university , it depended on your political background and behavior .
NE_person-0 be not one of these . he work for -CONST--0 year in a rural part of NE_province-0 , become a village head , and be very popular with the local .
he be a dab hand at work the field , and could match the local when it come to drink spirit .
he marry an old school friend of his from NE_city-0 , and she stay behind for him , the two live their own little life together in the country .
although the villager have no interest in the various kind of " revolutionary practice " that NE_person-0 try to make them adopt , he be honest and kind , and -CONST--0 generous personality won -CONST--1 friendship and affection .
after NE_person-0 have return to NE_city-0 for not even a few moth , the student movement in NE_location-0 begin .
NE_person-0 go to the square to listen to speech and sing , and watch a new generation of student be rebellious , and be shake and move .
-CONST--0 year before , the god of the " NE_organization-0 " be NE_person-0 , but the ideal of young people now be wear jeans and a t @-@ shirt , and a new statue have be erect : NE_statue-0 .
at that ENT_temporal-quantity-0 -CONST--0 live in NE_city-0 , and every day go to the square . when we run into each other , NE_person-0 do n't say much . however it look like he have a -CONST--1 thought stir in his heart .
one afternoon , i go to see an active figure in the square , and arrange to go together with him .
friend greet me with smile , and ask me to go into their tent , as a meet of student leader be go on inside .
NE_person-0 and have just start to come inside , when my friend frown and stop him : " no , you can n't come inside ! "
i explain , say this be my brother . my friend listen with surprise .
NE_city-0 @-@ born and NE_city-1 @-@ raise NE_person-0 look today completely like a villager from the countryside .
NE_person-0 think that this be relate to blockage in the usual report channel .
he point out , all of his report be make under the circumstance that the normal report do n't work , and he have no choice but make report online .
a typical example be that the fall of NE_person-0 , the most debaucherous secretary labeled as -CONST--0 @-@ husband @-@ with @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ wife in the country .
NE_person-0 think that NE_person-1 's absurdity and corruption be actually an open secret , but nobody investigate and penalize ; and even though NE_person-2 report on this use his real name to the concern department for -CONST--0 year , no -CONST--1 bother to inquire about it .
NE_person-0 also think that report online be equivalent to publicize the corruptive deed of the person be report against . once under the public eye , the possibility of any blatant cover @-@ up become greatly reduce , thus , make it easier to investigate and penalize .
many people will ask , NE_thing-0 be make by an individual , so ENT_amr-unknown-0 be the relationship with 360?
there be likely -CONST--0 original reason why NE_thing-0 use a person 's name to issue NE_thing-1 :
general NE_person-0 have do too much bad stuff on pc 's , and do n't want to offend too many people on cell phone , so he find an individual author to act as a scapegoat ( if a cell phone sp company know that it be NE_thing-0 that block their way . each one of them be tough.);
use an individual author to issue it , it be easy to defraud the grassroots netizens of their sense of identification and sympathy .
if you see i be an individual netizen , who have be charge money , so make a piece of software in order to help everyone solve this problem , then how move it seem from the outside .
use an individual author to issue , there have be a strong power of captivation . many company in the sp and wireless realm would definitely think that a product from an individual author would not have much influence , so would not pay too much attention to it .
nevertheless , NE_thing-0 already do this under cover of promote NE_thing-1 in large scale . once after NE_thing-2 become dominant on the situation , then it be to be transform into NE_thing-3 .
have see no hope from NE_person-0 , NE_person-1 then could only post the relevant problem online .
not only that , NE_person-0 's generous and courageous endeavors have lead to revenge from the report on numerous occasion : when report the corruption of NE_person-1 , he be severely beat up by hire goon ; when report the black force , he be retaliate by the black force , and hospitalize for the injury .
but these have not be able to halt the momentum of NE_person-0 's report .
however , in the program , NE_person-0 call out to the party and the ENT_government-organization-0 to set out policy and provision to protect the personal safety and legal right of whistle blower .
this NE_broadcast-program-0 banquet>> on NE_publication-0 's city channel , cause a great uproar in the community .
but in contrast with this , NE_person-0 , well repute as NE_province-0 's " number one person in online anti @-@ corruption ", be now suffer unfair treatment .
because of pressure from the report official such as NE_person-0 , NE_university-0 have suspend NE_person-1 's teach duty .
how NE_university-0 respond to NE_province-0 mainstream media 's positive and active appraisal of NE_person-0 ; how well they treat NE_person-1 ; and how they protect NE_person-2 's legal right , be unavoidable question place in front of the mine university 's decision maker .
the NE_country-0 defense budget for -CONST--0 be rmb 670.274 billion , increase by rmb 67.604 billion and -CONST--1 ENT_percentage-entity-0 compare to the previous year 's estimate budgetary expenditure .
the chinese military expenditure be increase too fast for NE_country-0 , and the increase be currently over rmb -CONST--0 , but ENT_amr-unknown-0 on earth can NE_country-1 do with this additional amount of more than rmb -CONST--1 dollar ?
based on the current exchange rate between the renminbi and NE_country-0 dollar , it amount to more than NE_country-1 $ -CONST--0 , which can purchase more than a -CONST--1 of the latest -CONST--2 generation NE_world-region-0 fighter plane .
if it be use to manufacture NE_country-0 NE_aircraft-type-0 , over -CONST--0 plane can be produce , or perhaps even more . in -CONST--1 go , NE_country-1 can improve its prowess in the air by a margin even greater than the total sum of a mid @-@ size NE_world-region-0 country .
in fact , what NE_country-0 really fear be not the increase of military expenditure , but rather the rapid rate at which NE_country-1 be upgrade its military technology , which may enable NE_country-2 to overtake NE_country-3 soon .
compare to NE_country-0 , NE_country-1 have many inadequacy , for instance , its high technology development be not as mature as NE_country-2 's , and its basic infrastructure , the standard of education of its citizen , development of its system and so on be also lack . however , NE_country-3 have its own natural advantage , and that be NE_country-4 possess a long history and stability of culture .
some people point out in their comment that this be a serious disadvantage to NE_country-0 when compare to NE_country-1 , as they say that NE_country-2 be carry too heavy a burden which will hinder rapid development ,
in fact , this reason be extremely incorrect , the NE_country-0 culture be profound , so whatever problem the NE_country-1 may face , NE_country-2 can draw on its historic experience ,
for instance , when NE_country-0 deal with international affair , it can learn from how the NE_dynasty-0 handle foreign trade and the problem of co @-@ existence between multiple ethnic group , or it could at least draw a lesson from the negative experience .
currently NE_country-0 be drastically cut down on its military expenditure , however it fear that NE_country-1 will substantially increase its military expenditure . NE_country-2 be desperately attempt to return to the NE_ocean-0 as it wish to continue to contain the growth of NE_country-3 military strength ,
NE_country-0 control the NE_strait-0 , and a large majority of NE_country-1 's ship vessel be under its control . however if NE_country-2 wish to maintain the development of world trade order , its expense will naturally be enormous .
if it be not for the financial crisis , a number of NE_world-region-0 country have state that they would not have consider budgetary issue for NE_country-0 military deployment .
as a matter of fact , neighboring country need not be too sensitive to the sharp increase in NE_country-0 military spend . they fear that NE_country-1 will pose a direct threat to them , but chinese history have show that NE_country-2 have never have the habit of wield its military might to challenge NE_world-region-0 country , but as for how they habitually view NE_country-3 will depend on the profound influence of the chinese culture .
NE_country-0 do not like to show off , prefer to restrain itself , and the same be true in the field of military matter .
up to now , NE_country-0 reveal that it have -CONST--0 model of the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 generation stealth fighter plane under research and development , and the NE_aircraft-type-0 be expect to enter mass production and service next year , which be a direct blow to NE_country-1 ,
however , what be even more terrify for NE_country-0 be that this NE_country-1 fighter plane model have already display surprisingly advance performance during combat , and it be fear that its level of technological advancement cannot be match by the f22. after all , this model of fighter plane have never participate in actual inspection up to this point .
perhaps this be understandable for NE_country-0 , but it be inevitable that the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 generation chinese fighter plane would create a stir .
the original order have be disrupt . after all , the NE_country-0 fighter be no less powerful than the NE_country-1 one .
accord to NE_country-0 media report , NE_country-1 's military expenditure be expect to reach NE_country-2 $ -CONST--0 in -CONST--1 year ' ENT_temporal-quantity-0 ,
of course there be a strong possibility that this number have be greatly exaggerate , and it be also embellish by the NE_theory-0 . however , such move by NE_country-0 no longer have much effect on NE_country-1 , even if the chinese defense expenditure reach NE_country-2 $ -CONST--0 , NE_country-3 cannot do anything to NE_country-4 ,
recently , NE_country-0 adopt an aggressive stance , cast negative vote on the NE_country-1 issue -CONST--0 time , and in relation to NE_country-2 's name of the NE_island-0 , NE_city-0 appear to be send a message that ' we have accumulate sufficient power , and we be not afraid of your distortion of the truth .'
the NE_country-0 military expenditure be soar . by contrast , NE_country-1 be continuously cut down on its military expenditure , repeatedly assert that its prowess will be replace by small but elite troop that will not affect its capability . as it be nothing more than self @-@ consolation , therefore , it cause widespread concern throughout NE_country-2 .
certainly , this be clearly a refurbished version of the ' military threat theory ' from NE_country-0 , and it be now change to a ' threat by military expenditure theory ', however , NE_country-1 be use to finger @-@ wag and criticism from NE_country-2 , and as NE_country-3 grow increasingly confident , this writer believe that NE_country-4 will terminate its friendly economic relation with NE_country-5 soon or later ,
NE_country-0 's soar military expenditure imply that NE_country-1 be reluctant to be limit to a position as the world 's no. -CONST--0 , and nor be it content to be world no. -CONST--1 in name only . instead , it intend to recover its historical -CONST--2 @-@ year glory as the leader of the world .
the content be not quite the same as the title ...
let me whisper this : do business in NE_country-0 depends on connection , and red packet be also accepted~same as in NE_country-1 ... :)
face with rascal and hooligan like the NE_country-0 , the NE_country-1 have no choice but to arm themselves .
indeed . i wonder what our military expenditure be like in proportion to NE_country-0 's , and besides how much of our military expenditure be genuinely spend on sophisticated national defenses , if ENT_monetary-quantity-0 be really spend on advanced defenses , there will never be such a thing as too much ! compare to NE_country-1 we be still lag far behind !
now that vice president NE_person-0 have visit NE_country-0 , the direction for the sino @-@ american relationship have become the focus of world attention .
but no matter how sweetly imperialist NE_country-0 talk , i have no hope for imperialist NE_country-1 .
imperialist NE_country-0 have always be a country fail to live up to its word , and as long as something be in its interest , it will spare no effort and use any mean to get it .
the relationship between NE_country-0 and imperialist NE_country-1 be like that between the sheep and the -CONST--0 , and do n't expect the wolf to change its ambition ,
the wolf and the sheep can never be friend , even if so , it 's only an illusion on our part , it 's only a wolf in sheep 's clothe .
ultimately , it will reveal its wolf nature , and i hope the sheep will not be fool by it .
the whole world expect NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 to coexist peacefully , jointly preside over and deal with international affair , and build a peaceful new international order .
the peaceful coexistence of NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 be also the common wish of the people in the two country .
nevertheless , the peace we aspire to will be only our good wish .
NE_country-0 be the fallen petal that have the intention , but imperialist NE_country-1 be the heartless flow water .
maintain friendly relation with imperialist NE_country-0 be only the wishful think of some NE_country-1 !
though there be a great distance between NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 and there be no territorial dispute , unlike our relationship with the NE_country-2 , there be a direct conflict of interest .
however , due to ideological difference between NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 and the lack of the necessary trust and communication in handle international affair , it be particularly imperialist NE_country-2 effort to contain the development of NE_country-3 and its threat to its hegemonic position , that make trouble wherever possible to constrain the takeoff of the chinese dragon .
actually , imperialist NE_country-0 have the initiative in term of whether the -CONST--0 major country , NE_country-1 and NE_country-2 can get along ,
NE_country-0 have do a lot , and sacrifice a lot , for the sino @-@ NE_country-1 relationship ,
out of its wishful think , NE_country-0 use its warm face to caress the cold ass of imperialist NE_country-1 , but it be still unable to win NE_country-2 's sincerity , cause the sino @-@ american relationship to waver and even fall backwards .
in future time , as NE_country-0 challenge -CONST--0 world hegemony and imperialist NE_country-1 attempt to retain it , more clash will happen , conflict will be inevitable , and the struggle will become ever more ferocious .
in recent year , as NE_country-0 's reform and open @-@ up campaign have reach greater depth , the people 's live standard have improve substantially , and -CONST--0 defense and military strength have also develop rapidly .
the status of NE_country-0 as a major world power have begin to be more prominent , and in deal with and direct international affair , NE_country-1 have play an ever more important role .
NE_country-0 's rapid growth and rise have gradually threaten and challenge the hegemonic position of imperialist NE_country-1 .
this make imperialist NE_country-0 restless , and it have devise every possible mean to contain and check NE_country-1 's development .
imperialist NE_country-0 want to upset and restrain NE_country-1 with its military sale to NE_country-2 issue !
the NE_country-0 issue have become an everlasting sorrow in the heart of all descendant of NE_country-1 .
imperialist NE_country-0 want to control the NE_world-region-0 and suppress NE_country-1 and NE_country-2 mainly because it covet the important strategic location and abundant resource of the NE_world-region-1 .
imperialist NE_country-0 want to overthrow the NE_regime-0 to get rid of the NE_country-1 's only military base in the NE_world-region-0 ! it do not want the influence of the NE_country-2 to exist in the NE_world-region-1 over the long term .
imperialist NE_country-0 want to topple NE_country-1 mainly to take on -CONST--0 , to control -CONST--1 's resource and contain NE_country-2 's development .
in addition , it also want to suppress the NE_country-0 and squeeze the live space of NE_country-1 and NE_country-2 .
in today 's world , the only country that can constitute a threat to the hegemonic position of imperialist NE_country-0 be NE_country-1 and , to a lesser degree , the NE_country-2 .
imperialist NE_country-0 have have far @-@ reach strategic foresight , and each step it take serve to consolidate its hegemony .
imperialist NE_country-0 be suppress NE_country-1 in an all @-@ round way , and we can see imperialist NE_country-2 's meddle presence in the economy , politics and military affair .
imperialist NE_country-0 have be support little NE_country-1 , NE_country-2 , the NE_country-3 servant and the NE_country-4 monkey , disturbing the stable environment around NE_country-5 to disrupt the peaceful development and rise of NE_country-6 .
imperialist NE_country-0 be now pompously return to the NE_world-region-0 and reshuffle its military deployment , directly targeting NE_country-1 .
NE_country-0 be the deepest pain for all chinese , because imperialist NE_country-1 have long take NE_country-2 as a pawn and use it as a bargain chip in the struggle with NE_country-3 .
it 's a pity that many NE_country-0 be still hope to make friend with imperialist NE_country-1 and maintain a friendship with imperialist NE_country-2 from generation to generation .
furthermore , the many strategic adjustment and idea of imperialist NE_country-0 be all aim at the NE_country-1 .
many advance weapon have be tailor @-@ make for NE_country-0 .
compatriot ! wake up ! imperialist NE_country-0 have already aim its gun to our head , do not keep daydream !
imperialist NE_country-0 take NE_country-1 as its prime rival and enemy , give up your fantasy that you can make friend with the enemy !
the best method be to make good use of our time to step up our own defense and military construction , cast away all the illusion , and get ready for war !
our ancestor wisely say , " harbor no ill intention against others , but never relax one 's vigilance "!
this be the necessary psychology for get along with friend , but at this moment imperialist NE_country-0 be our enemy stare like a tiger watch its prey , make it more necessary for us to remain vigilant at this time !
NE_country-0 have make a lot of sacrifice to improve its relation with imperialist NE_country-1 , and NE_country-2 have all along tried to become friend with imperialist NE_country-3 ,
although NE_country-0 now need a peaceful and stable environment for its development , we can n't make continual investment without any return .
can sino @-@ NE_country-0 relation be improve ? is friendly development possible ? the key question lie with imperialist NE_country-1 , not NE_country-2 .
imperialist NE_country-0 have always hold the initiative in the development of sino @-@ american relation .
in fact , it be not difficult for NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 to become friend , because NE_country-2 and NE_country-3 , despite their ideological difference , have no land or territorial dispute .
though NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 have fight each other on the battlefield , the war be not directly between NE_country-2 and NE_country-3 .
if imperialist NE_country-0 sincerely want to make friend with NE_country-1 , it must display its sincerity and let the chinese people see actual action and result .
for NE_country-0 , the greatest interest concern imperialist NE_country-1 lie in the NE_country-2 issue .
if imperialist NE_country-0 can stop its military sale to NE_country-1 , provide no support to NE_country-2 , and ensure peace across the NE_strait-0 , it will allow NE_country-3 to accomplish its great cause of national reunification .
if it refrain from meddle in NE_country-0 's internal human right issue , and also do not intervene in other affair such as NE_province-0 , i believe that NE_country-1 will also sacrifice its other interest to reciprocate the good faith of imperialist NE_country-2 !
only if imperialist NE_country-0 do this can NE_country-1 and NE_country-2 truly become friend and co @-@ exist peacefully as friend from generation to generation .
will imperialist NE_country-0 give up NE_country-1 ? absolutely not !
be use to be a hegemon , imperialist NE_country-0 like to intervene in the internal affair and human right affair of other country , and NE_country-1 be the best chess piece for contain NE_country-2 , so i believe imperialist NE_country-3 will not easily let go of it !
there be even less possibility that it will tolerate a NE_country-0 challenge to its position as the world hegemon !
in the year to come , instead of become friend , NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 will only become rival and even enemy !
therefore , it 's unnecessary to harbor any fantasy about imperialist NE_country-0 , NE_country-1 should fundamentally change its mentality , there be no need to fear imperialist -CONST--0 , and we should be ready for a military confrontation with imperialist NE_country-2 at any time .
let 's win the respect of imperialist NE_country-0 and the whole world with our strength .
a peaceful rise be only our unilateral notion , because the big power of the world will not accept the appearance of a NE_country-0 .
only baptize by war can NE_country-0 really become a world power .
the NE_country-0 should be ever vigilant and not be deceive by the present peace , active war preparation be the only right choice ,
only when our defense and military have become strong , will we be able to eradicate all aggressor , and only through the baptism of war can NE_country-0 become a truly powerful country .
in my personal opinion , there must be a war between NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 in the future !
what NE_country-0 need to do be to cast away its illusion and get ready for war .
NE_company-0 be no doubt a monopolized operator in NE_country-0 , the biggest mobile phone market in the world . it have also express clearly its ambition to step outside the country and participate in global competition .
even though the performance of NE_country-0 company be not outstanding in the course of globalization , NE_person-0 , president and ceo of NE_company-0 , be determine to change all this .
on the eve of the NE_conference-0 in NE_city-0 on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , NE_person-0 give an exclusive interview to the editor of the NE_magazine-0 .
he state that the objective of NE_company-0 be to become a world @-@ class company .
NE_person-0 , -CONST--0 , say in fluent NE_language-0 that NE_company-0 , which be list on the NE_facility-0 , have close to -CONST--1 mobile phone user in mainland NE_country-0 , an equivalent of the entire population of the NE_country-1 .
this signify that NE_company-0 occupy almost -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 of the market share in mainland NE_country-0 .
NE_person-0 , NE_person-1 , NE_person-2 , NE_person-3 huateng...
in the past -CONST--0 year , behind these NE_country-0 high @-@ tech magnate who emerge one after another be sure to be the shadow of the NE_country-1 own NE_organization-0 ( idg ) .
the ENT_temporal-quantity-0 NE_conference-0 be hold in NE_city-0 , NE_province-0 on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 .
apart from the -CONST--0 partner , who be call the ' -CONST--1 -CONST--2 ' inside NE_company-0 , the participant also include over -CONST--3 ceos of company that NE_company-1 invest in and representative from investment bank and consult agency .
accord to the practice of the past -CONST--0 year , after each NE_conference-0 , there will always be some participant who make the list of magnate of the year .
i insist on not pay him . finally , he crack and flee in panic .
however , i be also at the verge of collapse because the people 's police at -CONST--0 whom i look forward to still have not arrive yet .
these day , overseas study have become popular . to friend and relative , it 's a proud thing to be mention .
children of the rich and ENT_government-organization-0 official , ENT_amr-unknown-0 do n't want to enhance ENT_amr-unknown-1 status through overseas study ?
let alone that get oneself a NE_world-region-0 diploma will make get a good job easier in the future . even old dad and mom make a parade of it everywhere would look exceedingly good !
however , those in middle class family or even lay @-@ off worker see those children of the wealthy and powerful go overseas , come back cloak in glory and all have a good future ( they do n't know that family wealth and good background of those be the only real guarantee ) . how wonderful ! thereupon , they pinch and scrape to send their child overseas ,
it seem that once they be send overseas , nothing but a wonderful future and unlimited glory will return .
nowadays , it be more often the case that those who do n't pass the university entrance exam and be waste their day at home without do anything be send overseas . with a bit of " toughen up ", everything will be okay .
wrong ! with a huge chunk of cash spent , the frighten thing be that the payoff fall far short of expectation .
even more frighten be that it hold the child back .
-CONST--0 've be in NE_country-0 for several year !
what -CONST--0 have experience myself or , even more , what -CONST--1 have see be the countless who have give up their study year by year , those with wrecked health everywhere , those who sell their soul and even those who lost their life .
overseas study be a splendid term , but in return it demand youth , effort and staunch perseverance , as well as sufficient rationality .
life be never a bed of rose in any location , even more in a foreign land where there be a language barrier , different custom and no family or friend .
malformed society
the proposal on " the transfer of reproduction right " be originate from the same track the proposal on " control the number of rural children go to college "! ENT_amr-unknown-0 else be these representative if not do @-@ nothing politician ?
fuck you ! go to hell ! fuck your mother !
complete and obvious bullshit ! more sinister than directly sell and buy infant !
can NE_country-0 still be save ?
the -CONST--0 @-@ child policy be the most insidious policy , thoroughly antihuman and racially discriminatory , an open trample on the right of survival right for NE_ethnic-group-0 people as a whole . those who formulate and implement this policy be all fascist ; they should be bring to trial at the NE_organization-0 , and the people principally responsible for it should be hang .
this guy really be a " representative ", a @-@ ha .
as know to all , NE_city-0 and NE_city-1 have very low birth rate and mainly depend on migrant to maintain their population size and keep their population young ; there be good economic development ;
in recent year , due to labor shortage , -CONST--0 of black people and NE_world-region-0 have come to the NE_world-region-1 , and have cause vary degree of deterioration in social order .
just like NE_city-0 and NE_city-1 , NE_country-0 depends on immigrant and at the same time pursue the -CONST--0 @-@ child policy , make the plan policy look like a very clever policy !
NE_city-0 and NE_city-1 maintain their social development by absorb migrant from other province , ENT_amr-unknown-0 will happen if NE_country-0 prepare herbal medicine by the prescribe method and absorb foreigner ?
do n't wait till the situation have become unmanageable and then drive away the gypsies as NE_person-0 do ; german chancellor NE_person-1 have just recently declare that NE_country-0 have fail to build a diversified society and will limit the development of the immigrant population ; now that the sheep have be steal , no choice but to mend the fold !
before long , the dividend for the population would wear out . as immigrant laborers swarm in ( these people be not subject to family plan ) , the population would soon experience racial replacement , and NE_country-0 , as NE_country-1 do , would soon disintegrate !
the black , NE_ethnic-group-0 , and NE_country-0 , one after another , would demand their right , autonomy , and independence !
one after another , the local area would become independent , as NE_country-0 do !
the minority people in NE_country-region-0 and NE_province-0 can bear more children , cause the proportion of the NE_ethnic-group-0 people compare to the population of the frontier ethnic region to decline quickly ;
the regiment of troop and NE_province-0 women that such national hero as NE_person-0 and NE_person-1 take great pain to transplant into NE_country-region-0 and NE_province-1 be be quickly exterminate by the -CONST--0 @-@ child policy ; the undercurrent of NE_organization-0 and NE_organization-1 be get ever more rampant !
the family plan policy and the -CONST--0 @-@ child policy have put the country in an dangerous as stack egg , and pose a threat to the survival of the nation .
family plan have effectively reduce the NE_country-0 population by -CONST--0 , postponing the NE_event-0 by -CONST--1 year ; accord to the plan of the NE_organization-0 , even if the NE_country-1 population be reduce by -CONST--2 billion , the NE_event-1 will be postpone for just another few year !
but the chinese nation will be on the brink of extinction . such selfless notion which nobody will have until evolve into a nonhuman creature , surprisingly , have become a reality in NE_country-0 !
the issue of population and ethnical structure be major issue for the survival of the country !
family plan be part of the plan to massively exterminate the NE_ethnic-group-0 people , and the begin of divide NE_country-0 !
the family plan policy be extremely stupid and the ultimate in self @-@ castration . it be unprecedented from a historic perspective and will be unmatchable in the future ; and in the global perspective , it be totally unique !
the self @-@ harm policy fully embody the malice of the enemy and the stupidity of the those in power , bring disaster to both the country and the people , be totally void of conscience , contribute nothing to the contemporary time , leave a legacy of trouble for a long time in future , and will definitely become a joke that those throughout all history will ridicule !
the other day , NE_broadcast-program-0 report that the difficulty for enterprise to hire worker have extend to the west and sweep the whole country !
the family plan policy be extremely stupid , bring disaster to both the country and the people , and be totally void of conscience !
improve population quality require transfer reproduction right to the rich ?
through free exchange on the market , nearly everything can be buy and sell .
today , the right to bear a ENT_ordinal-entity-0 child be also become a popular product with the rich .
they have money to buy the right , to bear the child , and to raise the child .
as to these transfer and transaction of the right to bear a ENT_ordinal-entity-0 child , let 's have a look at how the representative argue and legally struggle with ENT_government-organization-0 official at the " NE_event-0 ".
ENT_amr-unknown-0 do they propose such a transfer on the right to bear a ENT_ordinal-entity-0 child ?
to this question , NE_person-0 of this proposal , NE_government-organization-0 representative and chairman of NE_company-0 , say that such a transfer be beneficial to improve the quality of the population .
transfer to ENT_amr-unknown-0 kind of person , exactly ?
this representative identify -CONST--0 group : first , people with strong educational background ; second , the rich class ; third , civil servant .
NE_person-0 assert that " in today 's society , people with strong educational background , the rich class , and civil servant have relatively high social status , relatively good economics mean , and can ensure basic educational condition and a good environment for the newborn population to develop in ".
ENT_amr-unknown-0 be such transfer practical ?
NE_person-0 give his own specific explanation from the angle of market supply and demand .
he say , " for a transfer , people be not classify into the rich and the poor , but into those who have a demand and those who do not .
he say that the original motive for this proposal be root in his discovery that some family legally allow to bear a ENT_ordinal-entity-0 child , due to their poverty and other reason , would become even more impoverished if they be to do so ;
while some rich family have a strong desire to bear a ENT_ordinal-entity-0 child but do not have the allowance to do so .
he think that this conflict really exist , and the relevant ENT_government-organization-0 department can take the initiative to establish a transfer platform ."
this transfer proposal by NE_person-0 be indeed very smart .
on the one hand , it help the ENT_government-organization-0 to reduce and narrow the gap of wealth ;
on the other hand , it also solve the structural conflict of the reproduction right market @-@ the poor have allowance but cannot afford the birth and upbringing , while the rich want to bear children but do n't have the allowance .
based on NE_person-0 's proposal , the rich will voluntarily reduce their per capita wealth by bear and raise more children , while the poor will increase their per capita wealth by bear and raise fewer children .
through such transfer and transaction of the right to bear a ENT_ordinal-entity-0 child between the rich and the poor , the ENT_government-organization-0 can unnoticeably narrow the ever @-@ increase gap between the poor and the rich without spend a single cent .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 can the wealth gap be narrow through such transfer ?
this NE_person-0 have envision a fast track for the get @-@ rich @-@ first people to guide and assist the get @-@ rich @-@ later people . that be , " the allowance transferee shall give the transferor ' an entire sequence ' of help and support ."
" accord to NE_person-0 's plan , through lottery @-@ type draw , the transfer platform establish a one @-@ on @-@ one guidance and assistance relationship between the transferee and the transferor .
as part of the assistance , the couple apply for the allowance to be transfer in to them will buy the transfer couple all the basic insurance currently require by the ENT_government-organization-0 , include social insurance , medical insurance , and personal accident insurance , and will continue to provide them with a minimum live guarantee for the rest of their life .
meanwhile , the applicant couple will also provide financial support for the education of the transfer couple 's child until he or she graduate from university .
what 's more , if the transfer couple intend to register as permanent urban resident , the applicant couple shall buy them a 35m2 socially subsidize apartment in the city where the applicant dwell , but all of the transfer couple 's land use right in the countryside will belong to the applicant couple ."
ENT_amr-unknown-0 do our family plan official think of this proposal that the state " utilize the transfer of right to bear a ENT_ordinal-entity-0 @-@ child to improve the population quality and make the get @-@ rich @-@ first help the get @-@ rich @-@ later so as to realize common prosperity "?
in response , " yesterday , NE_person-0 , director of NE_government-organization-0 , make his stance clear to the media that the right to reproduce be absolutely not transferrable .
in the event that the right to reproduce be transfer , it would not only be a violation of law , but also bring moral question if -CONST--0 involve a transaction ."
through transfer their right to bear a ENT_ordinal-entity-0 child and the concomitant obligation impose on the transferees , the poor can get rich with the guidance and assistance from the get @-@ rich @-@ first class , if the proposal can pass and become law , the poor undoubtedly have find in the rich class , well @-@ educate class , and the bureaucratic class an obedient son to provide for them up until they die . marvelous indeed .
he claim it be not a transaction , but ENT_amr-unknown-0 can it be otherwise ? in this bundle of obligation for common prosperity , ENT_amr-unknown-1 be the dignity of the poor ?
do not the bundle of obligation propose by this NE_person-0 still imply a contract on the exchange and transaction of land use right ?
certainly , without such exchange of interest , ENT_amr-unknown-0 would the rich take an interest in provide for the children of the poor ?
if the ENT_government-organization-0 really want to adopt this proposal on the premise of the get @-@ rich @-@ first class lead the get @-@ rich @-@ later class to become rich by give them one @-@ on @-@ one guidance and assistance so as to improve -CONST--0 population quality and narrow our wealth gap , it must ensure fairness in such exchange of interest and during the transfer .
transfer together with a wet nurse .
follow it with interest .
for a transfer of the right to marry , people be not classify into the rich and the poor , but into those who have a demand and those who do not . since i discover that some men who have a legal right to marry , due to their poverty and other reason , would become even more impoverished if they do marry ;
while some rich men have a strong desire to marry n concubine ( because their mistress often fuss about want to get marry ) but they do not have the allowance , and would be guilty of bigamy .
i think that this conflict really exist , and the relevant ENT_government-organization-0 department can take the initiative to establish a platform to transfer the right to marry .
pillage the flesh till the bone be see ?
interest ... interesting
logic of hooligan .
directly transfer the wife
a pack of luxury cigarette range from as little as a few -CONST--0 of yuan to more than a -CONST--1 yuan , if you smoke a stick , you be puff away -CONST--2 ENT_temporal-quantity-0 's salary for an ordinary worker .
if it be buy with public fund , it may be say that what they be smoke be not cigarette but the " blood and sweat " of the taxpayers .
NE_government-organization-0 NE_person-0 propose that consumption of tobacco product on public expense should be universally ban .
there be of course many reason as to why we lag far behind in meet our tobacco control objective .
but one of the undisputable reason be that a huge smoker 's group exist within our huge contingent of civil servant .
among this legion of smoker , a considerable number smoke " free cigarette " which they do n't have to buy with their own money , as they be receive as gift or buy with public fund .
it be precisely because they be not use -CONST--0 own money that they usually smoke luxury cigarette which be unaffordable for most people .
their track performance for blow smoke ring also have a compound effect in repeatedly set new record for consumption expense by civil servant , and it have become an organic portion of officialdom corruption as a whole .
it be precisely this horrify social backdrop that prompt NE_government-organization-0 NE_person-0 to solemnly set forth her proposal that consumption of tobacco product on public fund be universally ban .
in our country , there be many civil servant who think their family name be " -CONST--0 " and such that every expense incur by them , regardless of whether it be for public or private purpose , should be bear by the public . therefore , consumption on public expense can involve almost everything imaginable .
for instance , besides luxury cigarette , other example include -CONST--0 liquor , fine wining and dine , -CONST--1 car , and overseas tour , and whatever luxury enjoyment and extravagant entertainment they can imagine , they would want to have them all and enjoy them to full , use public fund to settle the bill in full .
if the supreme authority have to draw up separate regulatory document to address every single item for consumption on public expense for nationwide circulation in order to check such extravagance , the mountain of document will really extend towards the sky .
in fact , all that need to be do be to clearly include tobacco product within the anti @-@ corruption regulation ' relevant clause for prohibition of consumption on public fund , and it will suffice .
as for the remain issue , we must ensure that the order and prohibition be fully enforce . if any civil servant dare to violate the -CONST--0 , he will be severely punish accord to the law and regulation .
if this be really carry out in all locality at every level , there would be no cause to worry that the corrupt practice of consumption on public expense , include smoke on public fund , cannot be curb .
after deputy and committee member have move into their quarter in the hotel , ENT_amr-unknown-0 would service staff greet them ?
some greet them with " deputy NE_person-0 " or " committee member so @-@ and @-@ so ; " while some call NE_government-organization-0 deputy " chief , " which make some deputy , especially deputy from the grass @-@ root level , feel somewhat embarrass . some deputy even request service staff to " not call me chief ."
call deputy and committee member who have move into their quarter in the hotel " chief " be , of course , out of the hotel service staff member 's formal respect , but it have actually cause misunderstand of the identity of deputy or -CONST--0 .
as major national event , the convene of the -CONST--0 conference have clearly provide the path ahead for our development .
however , at the -CONST--0 conference , accord to common sense , the identity of " deputy " or " committee member " be generally use , that be , " deputy NE_person-0 " or " committee member xx." but i cannot say much for the mention of " deputy as a chief ."
through the subtlety of greet , we can see common people 's sense of awe towards " deputy " and " committee member ."
actually , when provide service to deputy and committee member , ENT_amr-unknown-0 's wrong with be a bit simple ?
would n't it appear more cordial to directly greet them as " deputy NE_person-0 " or " committee member xx ? "
after greet them as chief , do n't you have a sense of awe and awkwardness ?
as deputy , they should equally treasure their own ENT_ordinal-entity-0 identity . deputy or committee member be neither an administrative official post nor a honorary title . this identity mean enormous responsibility .
at the " time of the -CONST--0 conference , " deputy and committee member should have an even heighten sense of responsibility . no matter what kind of social status you yourself have , remember firmly your own ENT_ordinal-entity-0 identity and most important identity be a deputy , a committee member .
this be just a tidbit at the -CONST--0 conference . the conference that follow will unfold more exciting content in front of us .
they be scumbags
gosh , they even dare to use the word ' awe .' common people could n't wait to ' despise ' them , ENT_amr-unknown-0 could they have a sense of ' awe ? '
ENT_amr-unknown-0 would you say , ENT_amr-unknown-1 thingy there be publicly elect by common people form by the -CONST--0 , -CONST--1 , and ENT_ordinal-entity-0 person such as you , me , and him ?
before the -CONST--0 national conference be convene , various major news websites and periodical across the country in succession invite netizens and reader nationwide to submit " suggestion for the -CONST--1 ."
this writer from " suggestion for the -CONST--0 conference " submit by netizens across the country on various major news websites on the central ENT_government-organization-0 's strengthen of effort to oppose corruption and promote honest ENT_government-organization-1 , better supervision of the ENT_government-organization-2 and official , and severe punishment for people engage in embezzlement and corruption .
when NE_government-organization-0 delegate NE_person-0 check in to attend the " -CONST--0 conference " and spoke of a motion he propose this year , he say the emphasis be on anti @-@ corruption effort .
the anti @-@ corruption drive involve everyone , from the ordinary people below up to and include the delegate to the -CONST--0 conference .
at present , public expenditure on food and entertainment nationwide have already reach -CONST--0 -CONST--1 year .
such a huge figure for public expenditure on food and entertainment crowd out expenditure on thing vital for people 's welfare , include education , hygiene , healthcare , and social security .
figure list in a bill draw up by the NE_political-party-0 's central organization before the -CONST--0 conference in -CONST--1
be really unbelievable : ENT_temporal-quantity-0 public expenditure on food and entertainment actually reach -CONST--0 ! ENT_amr-unknown-0 large be this figure of -CONST--1 ?
if we save this -CONST--0 and invest it in the economically undeveloped and impoverish region in NE_country-0 , how ENT_amr-unknown-0 school could we build ?
how ENT_amr-unknown-0 poor family could we assist ? how ENT_amr-unknown-1 children force to leave school could we assist ?
it 's a pity that this -CONST--0 be squander with no result , waste in the pursuit of debauchery , by corrupt official - ENT_amr-unknown-0 could our people not hate the " parasite " hide among the membership rank of the NE_political-party-0 ?
when corruption among ENT_government-organization-0 official be bring up , the ordinary people all gnash their teeth , but the ordinary people be , after all , the ordinary people , and can only look on helplessly in silent fury .
the ordinary people cannot afford to upset government official , for if the ordinary people dare to upset government official , they would be crack egg against rock . not only could they get more than they bargain for ; if something go wrong , they could end up in prison , or even endanger their life .
every year , there be case across the country where ordinary people , because of report ENT_government-organization-0 official , suffer the disaster of imprisonment if they get up lightly or the disaster of death if they be dealt with harshly .
it be common for ordinary people , with no other mean of redress , to post on the internet out of resentment against savage land requisition or the savage demolition of home and force relocation by local ENT_government-organization-0 official , but ENT_amr-unknown-0 fate do they often bring on themselves ?
local ENT_government-organization-0 official easily pin some label on you , and you can even be chase and arrest by public security body across provincial boundary .
the most terrible thing be not the ENT_government-organization-0 official , but the power that lie in the hand of these official .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 can we prevent the " -CONST--0 type of consumption on public fund ? "
if we be to prevent the " -CONST--0 type of consumption on public fund , " we must first " block " the official ' mouth ,
but this be easier say than done . ENT_amr-unknown-0 ?
as people work in a lower @-@ level work unit , if leader from higher @-@ level work unit come , do you dare not to entertain them in the most respectful way with nice thing to eat and drink ?
if they be not entertain well with nice thing to eat and drink , after they 've go , will official in the lower @-@ level work unit still have a future ?
to their subordinate , senior leader be all their " masters." you can n't afford to upset any of them , and whoever upset them be in for it . if you rub them up the wrong way when you 're try to butter them up , you won't just jeopardize your official position , you won't even know what the consequence will be .
to stop the " -CONST--0 type of consumption on public fund , " senior official must first " block " their own mouth .
in -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , when the no. -CONST--2 inspection group of NE_province-0 's provincial party committee go to NE_city-0 on an inspection tour of NE_county-0 , a national @-@ level impoverish county , the local ENT_government-organization-0 official be both delight and worry .
what delight them be that they have an opportunity to report -CONST--0 problem to senior leader and have them take seriously by them , and what worry them be that there be -CONST--1 people in the inspection group , come for -CONST--2 day or so , and the entertainment expense , the cost of the gift , and the inspection fee and various other item of expenditure would altogether come to -CONST--3 yuan .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 could this national @-@ level impoverish county pay the bill ?
this example be the best illustration that if we be to prevent the " -CONST--0 type of consumption on public fund , " we must first stop the senior ENT_government-organization-0 official .
if the upper beam be correctly place , the lower beam will not go awry .
if the central state authority be to stop the " -CONST--0 type of consumption on public fund , " they must dare to do what -CONST--1 mean .
it should be say that wining and dine on public fund as point out by scholar be an objective reality .
with the increase prevalence of the alcohol culture at the grass @-@ root institution , alcohol have already be ferment and adulterate by the so @-@ call " bureaucratic culture " beyond recognition .
some people put on high @-@ end wine banquet try to please their superior , some people use alcohol as gift to seek personal gain , some people consider it a type of pleasure to get people to drink by use beer game , and some people get carry away because of their addiction to alcohol or drunkenness , adversely affect their work .
every year the amount of food trashed and money waste as a result of wining and dine on public fund be even more appal .
this writer have live for a long ENT_temporal-quantity-0 at the grass @-@ root level and often heard and witness some grass @-@ root official almost sit at meal gathering or attend banquet every day , and never get tire of it .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 be the wining and dine expense at the grass @-@ root level in -CONST--0 year ? a specific number be virtually never publish .
actually , the insider be well aware that this be a considerably high expenditure .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 should be blame for the grass @-@ root official ' wining and dine become common practice ?
speak with regard to the grass @-@ root level , it be indeed necessary to conduct rectification and to straighten thing up accord to the relevant regulation , but focusing on the grass @-@ root level alone may not be enough .
throughout the year , various type of inspection group and investigation group , as numerous as the hair on an ox , come and go in an endless stream , also make the grass @-@ root institution overburden . some grass @-@ root lead cadre , with no choice but to run between the various dinner party every day , also feel somewhat helpless .
there be also many people wallow in the array of wine glass and poker chip become " vessel for wine and bag for food ."
this writer met with some township official . face more and more dinner party , many of them be feed up with it , but also feel force and helpless .
the reason they explain be that entertain be just for solve problem .
a township official , use his finger to count , tell this writer that in order to solve financial , road repair , canal construction project and so on , they must entertain the relevant personnel and department head , otherwise it will be of no avail .
when i look back to all these year , the urban construction in NE_city-0 have experience rapid development .
some people say that it borrow the easterly wind of the NE_game-0 . however , i think otherwise .
even though the -CONST--0 NE_game-0 allow NE_city-0 to display its charisma in front of camera of all caliber that frocked in from all side ,
it have almost be -CONST--0 year since the NE_game-0 and the urban development in NE_city-0 still have not stop .
speak of urban development , the most representative one be none other than the NE_city-0 subway .
those who be born and raise in NE_city-0 in the 80 s can almost be call the generation who grow up sit on the subway .
the public transportation then could not be consider as convenient compare to now . bus could hardly be say as provide easy access to all direction .
however , with their extensive coverage , the -CONST--0 subway line provide novelty and convenience to many NE_city-0 resident and visitor who travel from afar .
the subway be a distinguish traffic feature of NE_city-0 . as -CONST--0 of the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 NE_country-0 city to have underground transportation , the emergence of subway have provide everyone more choice .
this underground railway line that run through eastern and western NE_city-0 have become NE_city-1 's symbol of alternative culture .
day by day , NE_city-0 be develop , so be its public transport and highway . eventually , it will usher in the alarm data of -CONST--0 car in -CONST--1 .
meanwhile , the crowd highway and complicate road traffic cause people to have greater expectation in the development of the subway .
i have to applaud the continuous increase in the effort in subway construction of NE_city-0 in all these year when -CONST--0 talk about subway development .
in -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , with the success in the bid to host the NE_game-0 , NE_facility-0 NE_facility-1 also usher in the completion of the entire line and become the newest member of the NE_facility-2 family .
meanwhile , in -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , the closely watch subway NE_facility-0 go into operation . it become the new trunk that link southern and northern NE_city-0 and intersect with NE_facility-1 .
while NE_city-0 resident enjoy the modernization of subway NE_facility-0 , in -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 phase of construction of NE_subway-0 and in -CONST--2 -CONST--3 , subway NE_facility-1 and NE_facility-2 all became operational -CONST--4 after another . at the same time , all suburban district and county be all connect by the subway successively .
in about -CONST--0 year ENT_temporal-quantity-0 , the NE_city-0 subway transform from an underground supplementary mean of transport that only have -CONST--1 line to a -CONST--2 @-@ line underground transportation network that cover almost the entire NE_city-1 from NE_city-district-0 in the north to NE_city-district-1 in the south , NE_city-district-2 in the west , and NE_city-district-3 in the east .
such rapid development be almost unimaginable by anyone and unachievable by any country .
while -CONST--0 be quickly approach , there be even the spectacular scene of -CONST--1 line open at the same time . it be veritably " put all firepower into operation "!
the rapid coverage of underground transportation have bring along prosperity to surround community of the subway . resident no long have to worry about which bus route to take when they go out .
more resident gladly choose to travel by subway . it be both convenient and cozy .
needless to say , the subway have bring about convenience to the travel and work of the resident . more commendable be that the convenient subway have allow more resident to give up their car and choose such green mean of transportation that be environmental friendly .
not only do a reduction in car on the road alleviate traffic pressure on the road ; it also reduce the pressure of air pollution so that more resident can cheer for the blue sky of NE_city-0 from their heart .
these be all contribution of the subway . yet , ENT_amr-unknown-0 do the contribution of the subway come from ? they be naturally from the rapid development of the subway in NE_city-0 within these -CONST--0 year .
the development of the subway be the same as the rapid global development of the NE_city-0 , it will become a permanent city symbol of NE_city-1 and a benefit project that earn the satisfaction of the resident and the respect of the world .
NE_city-0 force NE_person-0 to declare stand on unification , NE_country-0 can no long turn back
it can be say that the election that cover -CONST--0 major city have stir up a storm in NE_country-0 .
in the midst of all this commotion , NE_person-0 make a sudden appearance to come head to head with NE_person-1 in the election .
this make the already worry NE_person-0 even more anxious , but there be nothing he can do .
this be link to the earlier stand mainland NE_country-0 make regard military cooperation with NE_country-1 . in addition , NE_person-0 have express clearly that his take part in the election be to tell NE_person-1 that he have work hard to get the NE_thing-0 from mainland NE_country-2 and NE_person-2 should not let everyone down .
regard the chaos in NE_country-0 and the future ultimate unification of mainland NE_country-1 and NE_country-2 , ENT_amr-unknown-0 else do we still need to face ? ENT_amr-unknown-1 else do we have to do ?
regard the " weathervane " of NE_person-0 's stand , ENT_amr-unknown-0 other preparation should we make ?
NE_person-0 's transfer of allegiance be to force the undecided NE_person-1 to declare his stand on the ultimate unification
NE_person-0 's transfer of allegiance be , in a certain sense , a kind of response to mainland NE_country-0 's intention .
on the issue of mainland NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 , NE_person-0 have get a lot of room for maneuvering ,
from play the NE_country-0 independence card for the sake of the election to play the card of attack mainland NE_country-1 and achieve military balance for the sake of the election . however , on the issue of the ultimate unification of mainland china and NE_country-2 , not only do NE_person-0 fail to make any progress , he even take a big step backward .
in the past , he be stand close to the middle . now , he be start to gradually follow the footstep of the NE_political-party-0 . he keep push the bottom line of mainland NE_country-0 for the mere sake of manipulate the election . furthermore , he completely ignore the compromise make by mainland NE_country-1 and the effort it have put in for peaceful unification .
to save the taiwanese economy , mainland NE_country-0 have make huge policy adjustment such as absorb NE_country-1 's excess industrial capacity , buy NE_country-2 's excess agricultural product , give several taiwanese political figure room for international affair to carry out international affair , etc.
however , after all this wait , in the end it have to face NE_person-0 @-@ jeou'a a double @-@ head snake that be seemingly false and real at the same time .
therefore , face this undecided NE_person-0 , NE_person-1 step up to defend mainland NE_country-0 !
be n't NE_person-0 want to score more point for his selection ? be n't he want to elevate his position through manipulate the people ?
the moment NE_person-0 appear , the situation change ! this be to force NE_person-1 to stop manipulate the election and declare his stand on the ultimate unification of mainland NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 !
NE_person-0 be not mainland NE_country-0 's only choice , but mainland NE_country-1 be go to be NE_person-1 's only choice
so , ENT_amr-unknown-0 card be NE_person-0 leave with to play ?
military purchase - fetus die in the womb ;
economic development - eclipse by the prosperity of mainland NE_country-0 ;
culture - fully integrate with mainland NE_country-0 as well ;
as for military affair - NE_country-0 soldier , whether ex @-@ service or in service , be all under the control of mainland NE_country-1 's military department .
as for the key NE_country-0 figure who hold military power , mainland NE_country-1 have long ago convince them with reason .
fellow countryman should not slaughter one another , and brother should not turn against one another - this make the NE_country-0 military less hostile towards mainland NE_country-1 .
as for the withdrawal of missile propose by NE_person-0 , it be also no longer an issue now .
so ENT_amr-unknown-0 be NE_person-0 still wait for ? for a major change to take place in NE_country-0 ?
to mainland NE_country-0 , NE_person-0 be no long mainland NE_country-1 's only choice .
mainland NE_country-0 be actively seek all force in NE_country-1 that can be seek . even the NE_political-party-0 be start to change its course .
however , NE_person-0 , who be hold on and keep his mouth tight , have no other choice except mainland NE_country-0 , in other word , mainland NE_country-1 be NE_person-1 's only choice .
basically , all the big boss of the NE_political-party-0 have visit mainland NE_country-0 and even receive vip treatment , get all the respect they deserve .
so , be NE_person-0 think about his future position or the great cause of the national unification ?
NE_person-0 might offend some people in NE_country-0 who be eager to achieve NE_country-1 independence , but NE_person-1 can gain the respect of the entire NE_country-2 population of -CONST--0 . compare the -CONST--1 , it should be clear which be important and which be not .
when NE_person-0 visit NE_country-0 back then , he turn the sino @-@ NE_country-1 relationship around . so , do n't NE_person-1 want his name to go down in history ?
could it be that be the bill of a chicken be really better than be the anus of an ox ?
hence , NE_person-0 should understand that he be only one of the choice of mainland NE_country-0 . it be up to him whether he want to achieve success and acquire fame .
watch out for NE_person-0 's continue military resistance against unification by the lease @-@ to @-@ own method
though the NE_country-0 have recently increase NE_country-1 military presence in the NE_world-region-0 , NE_country-2 be show a rare undecided stand on the NE_country-3 issue .
the NE_country-0 be no long able to tell where NE_country-1 be head , because all taiwanese senior politician be talk about unification and there be less and less talk about secession .
furthermore , a certain tacit agreement between mainland NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 regard the NE_island-0 have make the NE_country-2 feel somewhat unable to do what NE_country-3 want to do .
however , some people from the NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 be still somewhat intelligent .
they no longer talk about military purchase but start propose a lease @-@ to @-@ own method for NE_country-0 to get weapon .
the weapon NE_country-0 have now be old .
the lease @-@ to @-@ own method might bring some advantage in conduct cut @-@ edge military confrontation with mainland NE_country-0 , but fundamentally speak , NE_country-1 no long have the strength to fight against mainland NE_country-2 .
if it continue to take its old path of resist unification through military force , then it will meet a very tragic end !
NE_island-0 will be a touchstone - NE_country-0 can no long turn back
of course , there be still many opportunity for mainland NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 . for example , the NE_island-0 be the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 touchstone of cooperation between mainland NE_country-2 and NE_country-3 .
when it come to the NE_island-0 , mainland NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 can jointly deploy naval vessel , jointly defend the NE_island-1 , and join hand in fight NE_country-2 .
recently , within NE_country-0 , active action have be take concern the ownership of NE_country-1 as well .
for example , there have be active change as to how the NE_country-0 issue be treat , how the historical issue of the resistance war be treat , and how the issue of NE_country-1 as part of mainland NE_country-2 in the past be treat .
it be these change that make the entire NE_country-0 , from top to bottom , reach a consensus that it can survive by stay close to mainland NE_country-1 .
face mainland NE_country-0 's offensive effort towards unification , NE_country-1 can no long turn back .
NE_country-0 will become another traitor if it go into NE_country-1 's embrace . only by go into mainland NE_country-2 's embrace will NE_country-3 have a bright future !
in short , NE_person-0 be merely someone through whom mainland NE_country-0 's stance range from active cooperation to slight warn be demonstrate .
if NE_person-0 do not want to oversleep after go back to bed in the morning , he must truly face what the people of both side of the strait have be hope for for -CONST--0 century !
it be up to him whether he want to be a sinner of the nation or a meritorious contributor to the nation !
when that time come , the people of mainland NE_country-0 will respond enthusiastically to NE_person-0 !
ENT_amr-unknown-0 's go on !
damn , these people ENT_amr-unknown-0 do n't learn to be good should rot at home . ENT_amr-unknown-1 be they come out ?
endanger the society !
really , one should not be a samaritan
if you help the other person get up but she do not appreciate it and even push you , then you should not help her anymore .
yet you help her again ...
do n't tell joke at the seaside . it will trigger tsunami
it be really too tragic
meet violence with violence do not benefit anyone
woe of the society .
those who make trouble after get drunk should be punish without leniency . detestable
the follow be a quote from NE_person-0 from the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 post :
the perpetrator be not go to be hold responsible just because they say they be poor ! ? ENT_amr-unknown-0 dare to be a samaritan in future ! ? ...
it be really tough be a good person .
the old man be look for trouble ...
nowadays , there be many scumbags around~
the follow be a quote from *miyamiya* from the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 post :
nowadays , one should not do evil , but one should not do good , either
damn , nowadays one should not be a good person
" the society always make you feel painfully scare . every day , there always seem to be countless reason that make people curse ! "
this be well say ...
this be what you call unforeseen misfortune
people say , do not do good thing . he do n't listen ... sigh ,
scary
the follow be a quote from NE_person-0 from the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 post :
ENT_amr-unknown-0 's go on ! damn , these people ENT_amr-unknown-1 do n't learn to be good should rot at home . ENT_amr-unknown-2 be they come out ? endanger the society ! ...
ENT_amr-unknown-0 do n't they get knock down by a car and die after get drunk ? scumbags !
the follow be a quote from NE_person-0 from the -CONST--0 th post :
woe of the society ...
good people be beat into extinction just like this , they 're all done for
right , you 're so old , ENT_amr-unknown-0 do you go and help a young man up ... it 's tough to be a good person
it 's tough to be a good person
never be a good person ... always remember ...
if severe punishment be not give , in future everyone will pretend to be drunk and make trouble
cup
a letter from the victim 's family
first of all , i would like to thank a kind @-@ hearted person for call the police immediately . i would also like to thank the public security authority for the prompt capture of the perpetrator .
early in the morning on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , my father , as usual , be ride his bicycle to NE_park-0 for exercise . at NE_road-0 , he see someone lie on the side of the road , and so , out of kindness , he go up to check up on him and ask him to go home soon . then , -CONST--2 people run up to him , kick and beaing him ( accord to the police , they have drunk -CONST--3 case of beer at the time ) . as a result , my father 's skull suffer serious injury . he bleed profusely and lose consciousness . by the time he be take to the hospital , his pupil be already dilate . however , with prompt rescue give by a doctor , he survive . as there be serious bleed , the doctor perform a life @-@ save surgery to cut off a piece of skull from my father 's head to remove blood clot . due to profuse bleed , some of the blood have already flow into the brainstem and bottom of the brain , put his life in danger .
right now , my father be in very serious condition . on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , he undergo a -CONST--2 @-@ hour craniotomy . on -CONST--3 -CONST--4 , he have a tracheotomy and a respirator be use to help him breathe . currently , he be still unconscious . after these few day of hospital treatment , he be sometimes able to move his arm and foot , and he be show sign of recovery .
as his children , we feel very terrible now . it have be -CONST--0 day since the incident . under the police 's advice , the perpetrator finally give -CONST--1 yuan . we have already deliver the ENT_monetary-quantity-0 to the hospital . now , almost -CONST--2 yuan have be spend on the medical bill . we do n't know ENT_amr-unknown-0 we can get ENT_monetary-quantity-1 to pay for future medical bill .
we have now already receive a payment reminder from the hospital . if we do not pay on time , the hospital will stop supply medication . when that happen , i cannot bear to think of what will happen to my father .
our family have very poor live condition . my mother only get a minimum welfare pay of -CONST--0 yuan , and she have diabetes . my father be a retire coke plant worker . his pay be also just a bit over -CONST--1 yuan . i be do odd job at a factory , and i have not even make any medical insurance or pension contribution . my elder sister be also an odd @-@ job worker . she have also not make any pension or medical insurance contribution . furthermore , i be go to be a father soon . i have a very heavy family burden . our family now can only rely on my father 's pay to survive . we absolutely cannot afford such high hospital cost .
it have be -CONST--0 day since the incident . as victim , we have the right of a citizen to know some thing :
1. ENT_amr-unknown-0 be the perpetrator from ? ENT_amr-unknown-1 be their family and financial condition ?
2. ENT_amr-unknown-0 can the case be submit to the procuratorate ? ENT_amr-unknown-1 can public prosecution be initiate ?
3. we hope the perpetrator can cooperate actively and take practical action to work together to first save my father 's life .
4. we request to meet the parent of the perpetrator .
we hope the news media can help us to jointly save the life of my kind @-@ hearted father .
we also ask the ENT_government-organization-0 department to coordinate with one another and be flexible to activate my father 's medical insurance card and save his life .
after the court verdict be out , all medical cost will be pay back to the medical insurance bureau .
a -CONST--0 thank to the city resident and media for the concern they have show us in this incident . may all you kind @-@ hearted people have a life of peace !
victim 's son
ENT_amr-unknown-0 help him up when he be sleep happily ?
faint . the social morality system be about to collapse . everything must be tear down and start all over again . sigh
NE_person-0 . post the picture of that bunch of perpetrator !
tragedy
what a turbulent society
nowadays , to be a good person be really not something you can do casually
hope the perpetrator can assume the responsibility
nowadays , to be a good person be really not something you can do casually . hope the perpetrator can assume the responsibility
sentence all of them to life imprisonment and let 's see if they be go to pay
poor old man . he 's still stick in the era of learn from NE_person-0 . the society today be a mess .
it 's tough to be a good person !
it 's tough to be a good person !
punish severely ! it look like we have to mind our own business !
it be legal as long as -CONST--0 hour of sunshine can be achieve .
most high @-@ rise building with a space of -CONST--0 meter can certainly achieve that .
-CONST--0 hour of sunshine , from morning till night , can certainly be achieve .
most sunlight issue raise by the elderly men and women be indeed not against the national requirement , so they 're merely unreasonable complaint of the elderly as a result of their perceive discomfort .
even if there be a court judgment confirm that the developer be not against the law , they will still persist with their unreasonable demand .
reply to NE_person-0 on the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 floor :
-CONST--0 hour of sunshine be a technical term . sunlight analysis be need . setback of space be relate to not only the sunshine space but also the floor thickness . a sunshine space coefficient of -CONST--1 @:@ -CONST--2 can meet the requirement for -CONST--3 hour of sunshine on the NE_event-0 in NE_city-0 . all we want be that the developer do the job legally , and make it clear that sunshine analysis have show that the minimum national requirement can be meet !
but what you say be also somewhat reasonable . the minimum standard be not acceptable to most people . they have a good reason to ask for more sunlight . however , this developer be too strong . we just want to secure the minimum legitimate interest accord to the national regulation , but even that be so difficult for us !
NE_country-region-0 and operation , alas .
i remain poise
NE_country-0 : there be too many issue now ! be that because good official be too few ?
developer always want to make more money . we have a build here , which have not be pull down so far even after expose by NE_publication-0 . how powerful the developer be .
the follow be a quotation of all owner of NE_building-0 's word on the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 floor :
all netizens and media be welcome to look into this matter . let 's see whether it will ultimately be " power over law " or " law over power " for the official in general secretary NE_person-0 's hometown when deal with matter concern a big developer ! ...
uh ... do you have legislative power or enforcement power ?
in NE_city-0 , NE_province-0 , an old man do morning exercise help a drunk man up and be mistake as a thief and badly beat up
-CONST--0 young men who work as chef at NE_company-0 be stroll on the street in the early morning on the -CONST--1 nd after down several bottle of beer .
one of the men , NE_person-0 , squat on the stone step of a bus stop .
NE_man-0 , an old man from NE_city-0 who be in his -CONST--0 s , be pass by while on his morning exercise . after see that , he ask NE_person-0 to go home soon , and then hold out his hand to help NE_person-1 up .
however , NE_person-0 mistook NE_man-0 for want to steal his thing , so immediately together with NE_person-1 and NE_person-2 , he batter the old man violently till he be seriously injure !
murderer all go for the head !
i think they mean to kill him !
latest news : NE_victim-0 pass away around -CONST--0 a.m . on -CONST--1 @/@ -CONST--2 @/@ 2011. perpetrator remain under criminal detention .
however , this incident have not yet come to a close . the victim 's family may still have to wait for the police to conduct an autopsy on the victim .
regard this incident , both side involve have post relevant comment in this thread . they be in posting no. -CONST--0 and no. -CONST--1 .
a letter from the victim 's family
first of all , i would like to thank a kind @-@ hearted person for call the police immediately . i would also like to thank the public security authority for the prompt capture of the perpetrator .
early in the morning on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , my father , as usual , be ride his bicycle to NE_park-0 for exercise .
at NE_road-0 , he see someone lie on the side of the road , and so , out of kindness , he go up to check up on him and ask him to go home soon .
then , -CONST--0 people run up to him , kick and beat him
( accord to the police , they have drunk -CONST--0 case of beer at the time ) ,
as a result , my father 's skull suffer serious injury . he bleed profusely and lose consciousness . by the time he be take to the hospital , his pupil be already dilate .
however , with prompt rescue give by a doctor , he survive .
as there be serious bleed , the doctor perform a life @-@ save surgery to cut off a piece of skull from my father 's head to remove blood clot .
due to profuse bleed , some of the blood have already flow into the brainstem and bottom of the brain , put his life in danger .
right now , my father be in very serious condition .
on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , he undergo a -CONST--2 @-@ hour craniotomy . on -CONST--3 -CONST--4 , he have a tracheotomy , and a respirator be use to help him breathe .
currently , he be still unconscious .
after these few day of hospital treatment , he be sometimes able to move his arm and foot , and he be show sign of recovery .
as his children , we feel very terrible now .
it have be -CONST--0 day since the incident . under the police 's advice , the perpetrator finally give -CONST--1 yuan . we have already deliver the ENT_monetary-quantity-0 to the hospital .
now , almost -CONST--0 yuan have be spend on the medical bill . we do n't know when we can get ENT_monetary-quantity-0 to pay for future medical bill .
we have now already receive a payment reminder from the hospital .
if we do not pay on time , the hospital will stop supply medication . when that happen , i cannot bear to think of what will happen to my father .
our family have very poor live condition . my mother only get a minimum welfare pay of -CONST--0 yuan , and she have diabetes .
my father be a retire coke plant worker . his pay be also only a bit over -CONST--0 yuan .
i be do odd job at a factory , and i have not even make any medical insurance or pension contribution .
my elder sister be also an odd @-@ job worker . she have also not make any pension or medical insurance contribution .
furthermore , i be go to be a father soon . i have a very heavy family burden .
our family now can only rely on my father 's pay to survive . we absolutely cannot afford such high hospital cost .
it have be -CONST--0 day since the incident . as victim , we have the right of a citizen to know some thing :
1. ENT_amr-unknown-0 be the perpetrator from ? ENT_amr-unknown-1 be their family and financial condition ?
2. ENT_amr-unknown-0 can the case be submit to the procuratorate ? ENT_amr-unknown-1 can public prosecution be initiate ?
3. we hope the perpetrator can cooperate actively and take practical action to work together to first save my father 's life .
4. we request to meet the parent of the perpetrator .
we hope the news media can help us to jointly save the life of my kind @-@ hearted father .
we also ask the ENT_government-organization-0 department to coordinate with one another and be flexible to activate my father 's medical insurance card and save his life .
after the court verdict be out , all medical cost will be pay back to the medical insurance bureau .
a -CONST--0 thank to the city resident and media for the concern they have show us in this incident .
may all you kind @-@ hearted people have a life of peace !
victim 's son
latest development
victim : old NE_person-0 be currently still unconscious and in critical condition .
the family member of old NE_man-0 say tearfully that when the old man be be send to the hospital , his pupil be already dilate . he have be transfer to icu ( intensive care unit ) after receive emergency treatment give by the hospital .
the medical cost alone add up to as much as more than -CONST--0 yuan -CONST--1 day .
perpetrator : -CONST--0 men have be criminally detain by NE_city-0 NE_city-district-0 police .
after the -CONST--0 of them pay -CONST--1 yuan in total for the medical cost ,
the family of NE_person-0 recently again raise -CONST--0 yuan to pay for surgery .
hereby , we hope the perpetrator will be able to show resolution in take on responsibility and face seriously the mistake that have be commit .
victim 's family : as old NE_person-0 be still in a toxic and unconscious state , he be unable to provide information about what happen at the time of the incident .
though the -CONST--0 perpetrator have pay -CONST--1 yuan compensation in total , ENT_monetary-quantity-0 be obviously not enough to pay for the current medical cost that be increase sharply by the day .
furthermore , in view of the criminal detention time limit , can such punishment have a deterrent effect on the perpetrator ?
how about future medical cost ?
the NE_family-0 hope to get legal and media assistance .
associate incident
the moment this incident come out , this writer could not help but recall the " NE_case-0 that happen -CONST--0 year ago !
case like the one where " a vehicle owner who help an old lady lie on the ground get up be accuse of knock her down " all raise a huge uproar across town .
sometimes , i even doubt the frequency at which such incident happen , life be get to really look like fiction !
the society always make you feel painfully scare . every day , there always seem to be countless reason that make people curse .
let 's not say much . let 's pray for the injure and hope the perpetrator get punish .
the perpetrator be not go to be hold responsible just because they say they be poor ! ?
ENT_amr-unknown-0 dare to be a samaritan in future ?
the important thing be to save life !
are there any solution ? provide legal assistance !
let the law show its might~
it take -CONST--0 day before public prosecution be initiate . even day lily wither by then ! ~
this be actually not about be a samaritan or not . many drunkard have lose their consciousness and will get in a drunken fit .
when you want to help , you have to see who it be . if you can n't handle , just call 120. sigh ...
severe punishment still should be give to those who commit crime after drink . if not , it will be chaos if everyone pretend to be drunk and bash up others .
nowadays , one should not do evil , but one should not do good , either
such a cup .
the old man be look for trouble . he should have keep a distance after see those drunkard .
would everyone agree with illegal construction of high @-@ rise building ?
now , in the hometown of our beloved general secretary NE_person-0 , such a strange thing be happen .
here be the thing : NE_company-0 have come to NE_city-district-0 , NE_city-0 , NE_province-0 for urban construction , and be welcome by our people .
we do not oppose the construction of high @-@ rise building . however , the developer be go to construct a high @-@ rise build against the law . that be what we be resolutely oppose to !
NE_company-0 have plan a high @-@ rise build of -CONST--0 m in the NE_lot-0 of the old NE_station-0 , NE_city-district-0 , NE_city-0 .
NE_location-0 use to be the eastern suburb park , for which many of the old NE_city-0 people have great affection .
NE_building-0 be just locate at the back of the NE_lot-0 , and now NE_building-1 be only about -CONST--0 meter from the external wall of the original building at the farthest end of the NE_lot-1 .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 do the developer meet the national requirement for build setback based on a minimum sunshine space of -CONST--0 @:@ -CONST--1 in NE_city-0 ?
aside from the other sunshine shelter , ENT_amr-unknown-0 can the developer ensure a minimum -CONST--0 hour of sunshine on NE_event-0 ?
it be certainly not feasible if they want to cheat about the -CONST--0 hour technically ,
the plain fact be just in front of us . moreover , be those few entity the only one capable of do sunshine analysis in NE_country-0 ?
we certainly will verify it . a lie will never become the truth !
if the developer can not even give us owner a minimum of -CONST--0 hour on NE_event-0 in accordance with the national requirement , ENT_amr-unknown-0 have ensure its best interest , ENT_amr-unknown-1 can it give a reasonable and fair explanation to the society , the vast community of netizens and the mass ?
ENT_amr-unknown-0 be the conscience and moral of the developer ?
we understand that the developer want to get more benefit , but those be suppose to be legitimate benefit !
on the one hand , such act , if illegally infringe upon other people 's interest , will be detrimental to the reputation and long @-@ term future development of the entire NE_group-0 . on the other hand , be people whose interest be infringe all fool ?
will they just let the infringement occur ?
the minimum -CONST--0 hour be already difficult to accept . if it be basically an illegal act that make the fundamental -CONST--1 hour even less , think about it - ENT_amr-unknown-0 will thing evolve ?
finally , the contradiction be bind to intensify , make the situation out of hand .
we hope that the developer can seriously think about this issue , avoid loss and seek its own legal interest through rational development and reasonable development accord to law !
if the developer be determine to infringe on our right and interest , we will surely unite as one to defend our legitimate right and interest !
the most strange thing be that some people of high rank even agree with the illegal construction of high @-@ rise building . we hereby earnestly request the people of high rank who agree with the illegal construction of high @-@ rise building to raise their hand and give us a way out !
all netizens and media be welcome to look into this matter . let 's see whether it will ultimately be " power over law " or " law over power " for the official in general secretary NE_person-0 's hometown when deal with matter concern a big developer !
all netizens be welcome to look into this matter !
hello , everyone !
previously , due to issue about the high @-@ rise building on NE_company-0 's pre @-@ sale rendering and eia by the NE_government-organization-0 , the young and old of NE_building-0 be neither sleep nor eat well . some be depress , and some be irritate . in short , we feel very angry .
now NE_government-organization-0 have give us a clear answer that those be simply rendering . upon verification , the NE_government-organization-1 have request the developer to make modification . the NE_government-organization-2 will definitely exercise administration accord to law , and never approve anything unless it be legal , reasonable and fair ! a forum and a hear will also be hold prior to approval ! a large stone in our heart have finally drop onto the ground .
we be move that in the face of such a huge benefit , -CONST--0 leader of NE_government-organization-0 and NE_government-organization-1 have stood unswayed , show a very noble sentiment and reflect the characteristic of the NE_political-party-0 in serve the people , which be truly admirable !
all owner of NE_building-0 hereby express deep respect and gratitude to NE_government-organization-0 and NE_government-organization-1 for uphold justice ! people live in NE_city-0 be happy , thank to the official care for them like their parent !
we thank the government for ENT_government-organization-0 concern over people ! we strongly support for the ENT_government-organization-1 accord to law !
all owner , NE_building-0 no.14
-CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2
i hope that the developer do not come to compete against us for sunlight . ENT_amr-unknown-0 do we live without sunlight ?
all netizens and media be welcome to look into this matter . let 's see whether it will ultimately be " power over law " or " law over power " for the official in general secretary NE_person-0 's hometown when deal with matter concern a big developer ! for us ordinary people who be like dog shit in this society , it be ridiculous to discuss whether power or law be superior .
i feel really good about that oh oh
ENT_amr-unknown-0 's the point of law over power ?
it be the powerful that make the final execution .
yeah , in the real world , we vulnerable group really feel at a loss as to what to do so often . the power of developer be too great ,
some relevant ENT_government-organization-0 department just blatantly give the green light to developer against the law and help them fool people !
so we have to frequently ask ourselves : be the law enact by this country really useful ?
be it really capable of restrain developer from grab through deceit or by force and illegally obtain benefit ?
but we can not just watch as the developer take away our sunlight , leave children and the elderly shiver at home in cold winter . if so , we can n't live a healthy life , nor can we enjoy the warmth of the sun !
NE_country-0 have be think about invade NE_country-1 for a long time . would it need the assignment from NE_country-2 to decide whether to invade NE_country-3 or not ? not to mention that the NE_country-4 only act against the political system of NE_country-5 ? was it still not enough for NE_country-6 to be fool after 1991?
the weapon market in NE_world-region-0 have be dominate by the hairy country . though it be weaken by the NE_country-0 weapon market , however , the NE_country-1 weapon market still occupy the major portion .
it be not NE_country-0 deliberately make use of country on the NE_sea-0 to besiege NE_country-1 .
look at the chaos in the NE_sea-0 and the NE_sea-1 , even think with your ass , you will also know that it be the NE_country-0 rather than NE_country-1 try to cause trouble .
firstly , NE_country-0 be not a country with sea power . it have no interest in intervene and meddle in the issue of the east and south NE_sea-0 .
secondly , at present , with the expansion and extrusion of NE_military-0 , NE_country-0 can hardly protect its own traditional zone of influence . we can say it be busy enough with -CONST--0 own affair .
and presently , the NE_military-0 and NE_military-1 be all product of the NE_country-0 's -CONST--0 @-@ ocean strategy .
after NE_war-0 , -CONST--0 system have take place . one be the NE_thing-0 in NE_continent-0 and the NE_ocean-0 , and the other be the NE_thing-1 in the NE_world-region-0 and the NE_ocean-1 .
the NE_country-0 stretch over the -CONST--0 ocean , and control the -CONST--1 system at the same time .
after NE_war-0 , it take control of the -CONST--0 system respectively , castrate NE_country-0 in NE_continent-0 , and NE_country-1 stay alone in NE_continent-1 to be hermaphrodite , live on by help the us manufacture electronics and automobile product .
and now , the biggest enemy for the NE_country-0 be such large geopolitical power in the NE_world-region-0 as NE_country-1 and NE_country-2 .
while NE_country-0 and the NE_world-region-0 have no so @-@ call estrangement in ideology and political system , NE_military-0 still continue to expand to the east .
and now the NE_military-0 be set up a blockage line and a ring of encirclement around the coastal region in NE_country-region-0 and NE_country-region-1 .
the coup in NE_world-region-0 have not succeed . otherwise , once the ring of encirclement be complete , the northern land will cause a headache to you just as the NE_sea-0 and the NE_sea-1 .
do you still believe that NE_country-0 can become a friend of the NE_country-1 as long as it change its ideology and system ?
the reason for NE_country-0 to ally with NE_country-1 and NE_country-2 need to heal their wound from after the disintegration of the NE_country-3 and with the savage hegemony of the NE_country-4 .
solve the exist territorial dispute be an important mean of realize mutual trust . of course NE_country-0 have make great concession . there be no other choice .
in fact , unlike NE_country-0 , NE_country-1 have neither the policy of reform of open up nor a good future ( this precious opportunity be seize by NE_country-2 at the historical turn point then , while in NE_country-3 , it be ruin by the -CONST--0 idiot at the critical moment . it also show that the NE_country-4 be relatively inferior to the NE_country-5 people in term of both iq and eq ) .
the NE_country-0 be bare @-@ foot , so they be not afraid of a NE_country-1 .
NE_country-0 have enough reason to make concession to NE_country-1 . NE_country-2 have no fear . NE_country-3 have many opportunity and NE_country-4 have other approach .
although NE_country-0 be not our friend , we should not turn it into an enemy .
NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 should not be equate with each other .
to the chinese people , if NE_country-0 wantonly kill chinese people in NE_country-1 's traditional area of activity like NE_country-2 do , then in the sentiment of ordinary chinese people , they would hate NE_country-3 as much as they hate -CONST--0 . however , they do not .
the only case where they wantonly kill NE_country-0 people happen at the end of the NE_dynasty-0 . it be the NE_event-0 .
-CONST--0 or -CONST--1 -CONST--2 , the number be just a small proportion even compare with the population of the NE_country-region-0 .
it can even be ignore if compare with the NE_country-0 population of nearly -CONST--0 . can it be equate with NE_country-1 's massacre of chinese people in the populate north and southeast of NE_country-2 ?
besides , NE_country-0 be a NE_continent-0 country with its strategic focus in the NE_world-region-0 . the NE_world-region-1 be never its focus .
if the NE_country-0 really want to seriously take NE_country-1 as their arch enemy , they should strive to construct the NE_world-region-0 .
however , nowadays , with its own serious problem , it continue to abandon the NE_world-region-0 and many city have become heap of ruin .
it show that NE_country-0 's strategic focus have be in the NE_world-region-0 , address the expansion of NE_military-0 . only traitor will be advocate hostile relation between NE_country-1 and NE_country-2 here .
the NE_country-0 can pose a greater threat and impact upon NE_country-1 than NE_country-2 , especially in the core area of NE_country-3 .
the reason be simple . NE_country-0 be a NE_continent-0 country . the NE_world-region-0 be not its focus , while the NE_country-1 be a country in the NE_world-region-1 .
do you know the theory of sea control ? nowadays , be there more influence from the NE_country-0 or NE_country-1 in the issue of the NE_strait-0 and the NE_sea-0 and the NE_world-region-0 ? it be the NE_country-2 ! this be clear proof !
do you think that territorial water be n't territory ? in modern time , the strategic and economic value of territorial water be much more than those of land territory . one can only become a strong power and have a say in the international community by control the sea .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 be it not NE_country-0 , its neighbor , but instead NE_country-1 , separate by vast ocean , that make NE_country-2 into a colony ?
nowadays , NE_country-0 have serious problem itself . its armament be quite obsolete , and the live condition for its people be extremely adverse . the population have face a sharp reduction .
the national elite all know the home country be hopeless , so they all run abroad .
it have become common practice for women to marry foreigner , and many of them come to NE_country-0 and become prostitute .
even the productivity of the population be seriously lack . it be impossible for it to constitute a threat to NE_country-0 .
and nowadays the NE_country-0 be besiege and contain NE_country-1 openly with a view of disrupt NE_country-2 .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 leave the current problem unsolved , but seize on NE_country-0 , ENT_amr-unknown-1 have no ability to pose a threat to NE_country-1 at present ?
when it come to that NE_country-0 occupy NE_country-1 's territory , that be another story like the japanese do . NE_country-2 want to invade the whole NE_country-3 , but can NE_country-4 do that ?
NE_country-0 be a NE_continent-0 country with its strategic focus on the NE_world-region-0 , rather than the NE_world-region-1 . its expansion to the NE_world-region-2 in history be also partly non @-@ ENT_government-organization-0 and partly governmental .
NE_country-0 be separate from NE_country-1 only by a strait , with the spacious NE_ocean-0 behind it . there be no menace from the rear if it invade NE_country-2 with all its strength . can NE_country-3 do that ?
even if NE_country-0 put a little bit more energy into the issue of NE_country-1 and the NE_world-region-0 , can it ignore the affair in NE_continent-0 ?
moreover , we would rather say that NE_country-0 have avail itself of opportunity , than to say that it have invade and occupy NE_country-1 's territory .
at that time , those place be far away from NE_country-0 's traditional live area . NE_country-1 's exploration be a little bit later at that time . there have be few inhabitant around those place in history .
at that time , those place be bitterly cold place cover with waist @-@ deep snow . so we pay no heed to them .
although when it come to now , these place be of great economic and strategic importance . however , at that time we do n't discover that ; therefore , at that time even the ruler of NE_country-0 pay no heed to the place , and sent no immigrant there for quite a long time .
just like today 's ocean . from the perspective of today , they have huge economic value , so territorial water be also important territory .
however , in the past , they be not discover . and territorial water be not regard as territory . they even exercise trade prohibition on the sea area and close the coastline .
yet the NE_country-0 avail themselves of a favorable geological location to occupy those place ahead of us . the NE_country-1 be just avail themselves of opportunity .
at that time , it be a time when big power establish colony everywhere . unlike today , when the behavior of all country be bound by international law .
other big power have to capture colony by war . for example , it be through war that NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 occupy NE_city-0 and NE_country-2 respectively .
however , the NE_country-0 get such a big place without much effort . that be because the ruler of NE_country-1 do n't care for the unexplored place .
they just avail themselves of opportunity . thing such as territory be hard to talk about .
if it be your imminent area of activity , it might be justifiable .
however , if it be a place that you do n't send immigrant to explore for a long period throughout history , and be take by others because of a favorable geographical location and convenient access , then as time go by it would be hard to say , after a certain length of time .
it would be barely passable for you to claim it to be yours . this be totally different from NE_country-0 . can NE_country-1 launch a barbaric war of aggression to occupy NE_country-2 's imminent territory like NE_country-3 do ?
can it provoke * to invade northeast -CONST--0 and launch an all @-@ out war of aggression against NE_country-0 because northeast -CONST--1 have become an imminent territory of NE_country-1 like northern NE_country-2 with the arrival and exploration of large number of immigrant from inside NE_pass-0 ? it be impossible .
the opinion of the NE_person-0 on the upper floor be brilliant ! however , by reverse the order of " subjugation of the nation " and " elimination of the entire race , " would it be in line with the historical fact ?
right now NE_country-0 be clamoring " to build NE_country-1 into the top military power in asia." NE_person-0 personally seal the arm sale deal to sell NE_country-2 advance weapon such as aircraft carrier , nuclear @-@ power submarine , NE_aircraft-type-0 and NE_missile-0 ... even the weapon it sell to NE_country-3 be more advanced than those it sell to NE_country-4 . and it only sell NE_country-5 big airplane and carrier aircraft . its wild ambition be thoroughly expose !
it be a pity that the present dynasty be national scum support by the NE_country-0 ! while the yellow NE_country-1 be prevail , ENT_amr-unknown-0 else can the grass @-@ root folk do ?
it seem that all NE_country-0 hate NE_country-1 , and i be not an exception . however , have everybody think it over that it be NE_country-2 who stir up the war between NE_country-3 and NE_country-4 for fear that NE_country-5 would reclaim territory from it ? it be also NE_country-6 that went between the NE_political-party-0 and the NE_political-party-1 and be able to achieve success one way or the other . and at the end of the war of resistance , it then stir up the civil war , and lure NE_country-7 to get involve in the NE_war-0 . if NE_person-0 be still alive , NE_country-8 would have more trouble !
even if it have prop up an agent in NE_country-0 , it be still concern about NE_country-1 . and in the -CONST--0 st century , it continue to play little trick of provoke anti @-@ NE_country-2 sentiment . it sell weapon to NE_country-3 and check and seize the cargos of NE_country-4 merchant . its crime be so numerous that bamboo strip would be exhaust before they could all be record .
what be regretful be that our ENT_government-organization-0 deal with such kind of thing in different way . if the us or NE_country-0 do so , NE_person-0 and NE_person-1 would absolutely deliver a so @-@ call just and severe statement of condemnation . yet with regard to the incident of the NE_country-1 boatmen who be shoot by NE_country-2 , there be not even a protest present . and it become an incident with no definite result in the year -CONST--0 .
the greatest threat of subjugation of the nation come from NE_country-0 . in history , country be eliminate by this nation be as many as the star in the sky . moreover , in the history of NE_country-1 , almost all geographical threat come from the north .
the greatest threat of " elimination of the entire race " come from NE_country-0 . the seed of national hatred be indelible . once discharge accidentally , it would not be just territorial conflict , but a massacre .
the greatest threat of downfall of d come from the NE_country-0 . the dramatic contrast of ideology cause the NE_country-1 to treat all dictate ds in the world as target to be remove .
however , there be no need to worry that he would have any claim for territory .
the greatest threat to the economy come from the NE_organization-0 frequently take the opportunity of trade or human right conflict between NE_country-0 and the NE_country-1 to grab a large portion of the market , and squeeze the surplus value . now it have become our biggest trade partner .
personally i think the geopolitical environment of NE_country-0 be quite adverse . however , just as what the floor host say , the real threat come from NE_country-1 .
welcome to the floor host~
do you want to get your blog , your online shop , as well as everything about you popular on the internet ? we can help you achieve all of these !
nowadays , the development of the internet make a lot of thing very convenient ... with the increase of internet user , company and enterprise pay much attention to their online
image . however , negative news about a company or enterprise spread much faster than positive news . once spread out , it be unmanageable @/@ difficult to delete
negative news on the internet . online market or online publicity . for detail , -CONST--0 contact at
qq : -CONST--0
ENT_phone-number-entity-0 : -CONST--0
i come to support , support it
do you think nowadays that NE_country-0 still have the capacity to do that ?
if the NE_political-party-0 do not put the practical interest of the people first , but continue to tolerate the corrupt ENT_government-organization-0 , the people would lose their faith in the -CONST--0 , and in the near future it could hardly be avoid that the territory of NE_country-0 would be divide by an alliance of the NE_country-1 and NE_country-2 !
it be foreseeable that they have put their hand into our neighboring country , and they have instigate pressure on our country from all side . has n't the ENT_government-organization-0 in power run by the NE_political-party-0 been claim to be strong ? and now it be time for you to bring your wisdom into play~
the sino @-@ NE_country-0 war and the civil war of NE_country-1 be stir up by NE_country-2 have the ability to force NE_country-3 to send troop to NE_country-4 ? nonsense !
for NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 have the biggest relationship in the world , and the sino @-@ us relationship be a trade @-@ off relationship .
in the most recent visit to the NE_country-0 by NE_person-0 , which be an exercise before he become the top official in NE_country-1 , the primary topic discuss be mutually beneficial economic cooperation of the two side .
the sino @-@ NE_country-0 relationship be very complicate . economically , the -CONST--0 side be partner on unequal footings ,
politically , it be a relationship between socialism and capitalism ; militarily , NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 militaries be in an isolated state .
therefore , currently NE_country-0 be play game with the NE_country-1 , i.e. how to offset the latter -CONST--0 relationship with economic cooperation .
next be a brief analysis of the main strategy of NE_person-0 's visit to the NE_country-0 :
first , ENT_amr-unknown-0 be the biggest puzzle between NE_country-0 and the NE_country-1 ?
the biggest puzzle in front of NE_country-0 be how to maintain its relationship with the NE_country-1 as it become increasingly powerful .
to NE_country-0 , it cannot fall out with the NE_country-1 .
if NE_country-0 fall out with the NE_country-1 , then it will seriously consume -CONST--0 's strength and will be very unfavorable for future development of NE_country-2 ,
because NE_country-0 will lose the situation of peaceful development internationally , such that NE_country-1 have to cope with not only the powerful military threat pose by the NE_country-2 , but also complicate relation in the neighboring area . this will seriously consume NE_country-3 energy for development .
therefore , on the premise of not fall out with the NE_country-0 , NE_country-1 , on the one hand , still have to maintain relationship with the NE_country-2 , while on the other hand , it have to precaution against the dirty trick that the NE_country-3 play on NE_country-4 .
second , it be not time yet to be tough to the NE_country-0 .
some believe that NE_country-0 should be tough to the NE_country-1 . be the NE_country-2 someone that yield to hawkishness ?
in the -CONST--0 era , it get in a race for hegemony against the NE_country-0 , where both side be so tough that they become enemy , which provide the NE_country-1 the opportunity to break up thoroughly with the NE_country-2 .
as the NE_country-0 do not need the NE_country-1 to exist as a great power , the NE_country-2 could attack the NE_country-3 and tackle the NE_country-4 without any hesitation .
the road NE_country-0 be go along at present be one where the -CONST--0 side be intertwine with each other , such that the NE_country-1 also suffer great loss when attack and impose sanction on NE_country-2 .
what 's more , many businesspeople in the NE_country-0 also come out to oppose the ENT_government-organization-0 's behaviors . NE_country-1 will be able to truly rise as long as it can keep on for -CONST--0 year .
as the ancient say go , a gentleman can afford to wait for as long as -CONST--0 year to avenge . if NE_country-0 fall out with the us too early , it will put itself in a very disadvantaged position .
although we be strong today , it 's not time yet to fight the final battle with the NE_country-0 .
third , the -CONST--0 phase that the sino @-@ NE_country-0 relationship will go through .
it be not advisable to fight a major war in the NE_country-0 's dealing with the NE_country-1 .
the author believe the -CONST--0 side could only undergo -CONST--1 phase . the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 one be a period which see NE_country-0 grow in strength and the NE_country-1 feel seriously threaten .
the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 stage be when NE_country-0 have become strong , the NE_country-1 be no long certain about win a war with NE_country-2 , such that it have no choice than to cooperate in order to obtain more benefit .
to avoid war between NE_country-0 and the NE_country-1 , it appear extremely important to carry out exchange between the -CONST--0 people .
next let 's have a look at survey result of NE_country-0 view towards NE_country-1 :
an opinion poll of a NE_country-0 website show that -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 of the people believe NE_country-1 and the NE_country-2 be " ally , " -CONST--1 ENT_percentage-entity-1 think they be " friendly but not ally , " and -CONST--2 ENT_percentage-entity-2 believe they be " enemy ."
survey result also show that -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 of the NE_country-0 believe sino @-@ NE_country-1 relation be " very important or somewhat important , " while the proportion be -CONST--1 ENT_percentage-entity-1 in opinion leader .
on the -CONST--0 th , the NE_newspaper-0 say that in an opinion poll it conduct jointly with the NE_company-0 , -CONST--1 ENT_percentage-entity-0 of the respondent see NE_country-0 in a negative way .
this result reflect -CONST--0 urgent issue . first , NE_country-0 be not that bad in the mind of NE_country-1 people , and there be still environment and scope to continue expand exchange .
second , if NE_country-0 and the NE_country-1 do not handle their relation properly , lack in communication between its people and the foundation or friendship , then the chinese and NE_country-2 people may turn hostile .
therefore , the NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 people must enhance cooperation and bring the two side closer through economic cooperation , so as to offset the discrepancy bring by military and politics .
however , it be undeniable that serious conflict remain between NE_country-0 and the NE_country-1 in some important area .
for instance : the NE_country-0 issue ; human right and democracy ; NE_country-1 ; NE_country-2 ; proliferation of weapon of mass destruction ; NE_country-3 ; geopolitics and military strategy ; trade and currency ; intellectual property right and internet spy .
these puzzle cannot be overcome with the -CONST--0 character of friendship alone . after all it involve major interest .
so it be no secret to the -CONST--0 side . just like vice president NE_person-0 count on the NE_country-0 to oppose NE_country-1 independence and NE_province-0 , ENT_amr-unknown-0 could NE_country-2 count on a geopolitical enemy ?
national president be all master in politics , who know what 's at stake . however , what should be say should be say . the thing be if the NE_country-0 have say something , it will break -CONST--0 word if it do n't do what it say , which will show to people in the world that the NE_country-1 be immoral and its word do n't count .
anyway , between NE_country-0 and the NE_country-1 in the future , whoever be a better strategist and whoever come up with more sophisticated strategy win .
it require wisdom to be friend with an enemy . you can only fight a -CONST--0 war without defeat only if you know yourself and the enemy well .
this view tell us a fact that one will earn respect by develop military force
the cannon be thick
it require wisdom to be friend with an enemy . you can only fight a -CONST--0 war without defeat only if you know yourself and the enemy well .
chairman NE_person-0 have say a long time ago : one will be beat if he @/@ she be backward . only development be of override importance !
it be fun ? they be order the dog they fee at home to bark at you , yet you have go to shake hand with -CONST--0 , look for slap
it be fun ? they be order the dog they fee at home to bark at you , yet you have go to shake hand with -CONST--0 , look for slap
brainwash the NE_country-0 people on behalf of the NE_country-1 .
brainwash the NE_country-0 people on behalf of the NE_country-1 .
be it the NE_country-0 system that 's superior or the NE_country-1 system that 's superior after all ?
i think NE_country-0 and the mainland be already distinguish relative superiority or inferiority between -CONST--0 . the thread starter should take a look outside the country more
you look but not see the NE_city-0 's chaos in society , or be it voluntary blindness !
i also feel that there be more modern " traitor of NE_country-0 " than during wwii .
everyone have eye , look at the live situation of NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 - do you still not understand ?
venture exchange ,
if i take care of myself , that 's good enough , when the country need me , i 'll be compel by my sense of righteousness
if these traitor of NE_country-0 exist around -CONST--0 , -CONST--1 year ago , they would already have be execute by fire squad .
to make a conclusion , you must have something to demonstrate it
i do n't have time to go search
i wish NE_person-0 would explain them one by one ...
their property and family be all outside of the country , of course they will , just like the official .
when the country need me , i 'll be compel by my sense of righteousness
i can just take a look , and dare not to speak my mind , the police can grab people , thread starter , i admire you for dare to speak ! bump !
the rule authority actually should pay attention to these kind of capitulators and traitor of NE_country-0 !
comrade NE_person-0 once say that the NE_political-party-0 will not be overthrow - if it fall , it will be bring down from within the party itself .
former NE_country-0 ambassador to NE_country-1 NE_person-0 once say in a speech in the NE_country-2 : we will raise -CONST--0 spokespeople in NE_country-3 , let the chinese themselves topple NE_country-4 -
and the NE_government-organization-0 then use an ENT_temporal-quantity-0 -CONST--0 yuan subsidy to help these domestic so @-@ call elite , vow that they want to let them raise the wind to make wave domestically , citizen definitely need to be alert for this and cannot let outsider use us .
in the summer of -CONST--0 , a picture that people have long be look forward to start emerge with frequency in various major NE_city-0 media .
with their unique charm , these well - know cartoon image once again cause NE_city-0 to be a focus of worldwide attention .
the world 's ENT_ordinal-entity-0 NE_park-0 will soon open to the public here .
the most important thing about NE_company-0 be that it be a global brand .
well , for several year , although it be still under construction and , er , not yet open , it can be say that many people have view NE_city-0 with new respect .
then welcome to the official write ceremony of NE_amusement-park-0 .
the construction of NE_amusement-park-0 begin -CONST--0 year ago , in -CONST--1 .
in -CONST--0 of that year , the NE_city-0 ENT_government-organization-0 turn over to NE_company-0 -CONST--1 hectare of land at the foot of NE_island-0 that be obtain follow the largest land reclamation project in recent year .
one .
since then , this area have become a prohibit zone in NE_city-0 .
as its neighbor on NE_island-0 , NE_airport-0 have to change its flight route to make this area a no - fly zone .
NE_person-0 's new home , settle on NE_country-0 land for the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 time , have capture worldwide attention .
there 's only -CONST--0 ENT_temporal-quantity-0 left before the open of NE_amusement-park-0 on -CONST--1 -CONST--2 .
the subway to NE_amusement-park-0 have already be construct .
at subway station , passenger will frequently press the station for NE_amusement-park-0 on ticket machine , try to purchase ticket to enjoy the park when it ENT_ordinal-entity-0 open .
meanwhile , the NE_amusement-park-0 subway station be schedule to open on the same day as the park .
for -CONST--0 year , NE_company-0 have constantly maintain its mystery .
no media have be allow to enter for photo .
we take a taxi along the path of the highway that head toward NE_amusement-park-0 , try to experience this mysterious park from close by .
however , before any of the -CONST--0 symbol be in sight , the car be stop by a security guard at the intersection of the road towards NE_amusement-park-0 .
on our way back , the taxi driver give us an explanation after understand our intention .
er , accord to what the security guard say , for the time before everything be officially open , open , all , no car can enter unless they have special permission .
no one can enter otherwise .
video record be especially forbid .
ah , everything be top secret .
if picture be take without permission , %pw that be to say , it will at all time be pursue by legal action , a big hassle .
although NE_company-0 choose NE_city-0 as the venue for the NE_country-0 NE_amusement-park-0 , what they be actually most excite about be the mainland -CONST--0 tourist market .
since the implementation of the NE_law-0 between NE_city-0 and the mainland , more and more mainland tourist be come to visit NE_city-1 .
from the begin up till now , more than -CONST--0 individual tourist have , have come to NE_city-0 .
well , we now , er , believe more will be come .
at this point , it have be about -CONST--0 year .
also , the current number of -CONST--0 city will be increase .
NE_city-0 be develop from a fish harbor -CONST--0 year ago to become today 's international metropolis .
here , NE_world-region-0 and NE_world-region-1 culture have gather , and the new and the old coexist .
when in NE_city-0 , you can wander among skyscraper , heartily enjoy shop spree in well - know store and mall for goods from various country , and taste delicious snack from all over the world at tea shop or at street stand in NE_city-district-0 .
you can go to burn incense and make a vow at the NE_bay-0 , where all deity gather .
you can enjoy the most charm sun - fill sandy beach in NE_city-0 .
you can ascend NE_mountain-0 to get a panoramic view of NE_harbor-0 's beautiful scenery .
or hop onto a trolley with over -CONST--0 century of history , and feel the city 's blend of the old and the modern in slow motion .
after dark , cruise NE_harbor-0 at night to enjoy the enchant even view .
every corner of NE_city-0 be fill with fun .
meanwhile , as various new item be constantly be add , ENT_amr-unknown-0 other kind of pleasant surprise will the NE_city-0 tourism industry bring us ?
over the past -CONST--0 year , the NE_amusement-park-0 have basically be a must - see destination for tourist come to NE_city-0 .
watch spectacular performance by dolphin and sea lion at the NE_theater-0 , and experience passionate scream and accelerate heart - beat adventure on amusement ride .
or ride the giant NE_wheel-0 to get a bird 's eye view from high above of the magnificent panorama of NE_island-0 and the NE_sea-0 .
these item , which be the pride of the NE_amusement-park-0 , have make this place the most popular tourist attraction in NE_city-0 for some time .
however , since NE_company-0 enter NE_city-0 , the NE_amusement-park-0 , share the same city as NE_company-1 , have feel the pressure of competition .
to improve the park 's brand , they be plan to invest -CONST--0 in a renovation project start in -CONST--1 .
it seem that for the future , we have a scheme , a major renovation plan .
that be , the entire park will be divide into -CONST--0 section for renovation .
ah , additional , new , ah , attraction will be available for tourist .
it seem that those attraction like the NE_world-region-0 and the NE_facility-0 will also be renovate after several year .
are they go to be different from what they be now ?
they will be , in -CONST--0 year .
ah , there will be more animal , and more animal species , different from what there be now .
it look like we will also bring in whale .
er , we will implement this plan as soon as it be approve by the ENT_government-organization-0 .
groundbreaking be expect to start next year .
yes .
the ENT_area-quantity-0 of NE_city-0 be only -CONST--0 - plus square kilometers .
the population be dense .
natural resource be relatively scarce .
however , the clever NE_city-0 people will utilize all resource they have create for develop the NE_city-1 tourism industry .
among these be the NE_facility-0 .
enter NE_location-0 ,
here , you can come up close with the star in your mind .
he be my .
she be my NE_person-0 , ah .
-CONST--0 stay with us on NE_broadcast-program-0 .
NE_city-0 have always wear the crown of NE_location-0 .
over the past -CONST--0 year of film history , NE_city-0 cinema have nurture many internationally renowned director , actor , and screenwriters .
they have shorten the distance between NE_city-0 and the world .
NE_city-0 movie have even become a window for the world to see NE_city-1 , which have make the image of metropolitan NE_city-2 more prominent internationally .
for this reason , in -CONST--0 , on the NE_facility-0 originally construct for view only the scenery of NE_island-0 and NE_harbor-0 , the NE_government-organization-0 also construct NE_facility-1 , memorialize NE_city-0 's -CONST--1 - year film history .
here , tourist can learn about NE_city-0 's film history , and can come up close with the star in their mind .
NE_city-0 be a busy metropolis .
even at dusk , the city 's pulse never stop beat .
across from NE_facility-0 , a special performance be stage every weekend .
%pw as our NE_harbor-0 be %pw very famous , and , er , our nightscape be already very beautiful , by ENT_amr-unknown-0 mean could we enhance the dynamic beauty of our nightscape ?
so , -CONST--0 idea be to transform NE_harbor-0 into a performance stage .
er , each key build be like a performer .
it be based on this that music and light be arrange to reflect each other and perform a unique , er , and fascinate multi @-@ media world - class light show .
let me now introduce to you all the well - know skyscraper participate in this large - scale light and music show .
the NE_facility-0 , NE_facility-1 , at 8 @:@ -CONST--0 every saturday night , NE_facility-2 .
their performance will be on schedule .
center of the NE_facility-0 .
-CONST--0 landmark building locate on NE_island-0 reveal themselves one by one , participate in the show in full splendor , present a world - class light extravaganza to a musical rhythm .
whenever there be a major event or holiday , firework be also add to the light show .
some , er , city have consult with us .
uh @-@ huh .
their area of surprise be that those private , er , building , that be , the business community , ah , be willing to invest in our overall project .
yes .
the answer be that this be a reward to the entire society , not an individual build 's reward .
er , of course , after NE_event-0 , we feel that all of NE_city-0 hope to be involve , so that the NE_city-1 tourism industry will recover , rebound together with other sector .
NE_park-0 , which be currently under construction , be also one of the designate new project of the NE_city-0 ENT_government-organization-0 for advance the hong kong tourism industry .
this be a park intimately connect with nature , be build by the NE_city-0 ENT_government-organization-0 for its people who live in a city of reinforce concrete .
NE_park-0 cover an ENT_area-quantity-0 of -CONST--0 hectare , include a -CONST--1 square meter visitor 's center and a -CONST--2 hectare outdoor wildlife habitat .
in the indoor exhibition hall , tourist can learn about type of wetlands in various part of the world , and to gain knowledge about wetlands .
outdoors , they can also personally experience wetland ecology .
at the highest point of NE_city-0 , er , from the highest point we can see -CONST--0 different ecological environment .
ha , on that side be many tall building , that be , town with lot of people live there ,
but behind me be our NE_park-0 .
ha , entirely different .
quite primitive ,
er , a fresh water swamp ,
er , the NE_facility-0 .
lastly , far away you can see NE_city-0 of NE_city-1 .
then , the bridge be , on the bridge be NE_city-0 and outside be NE_city-1 .
you can come into intimate contact with nature in the outdoor wetland environment .
children can get to know different animal and plant , and even some crop that be rarely see in our ENT_temporal-quantity-0 life .
over here be paddy field , which be rather unique .
ha , there be aquatic plant inside .
ah , the most special be rice , because %pw many NE_city-0 children nowadays have never see what -CONST--0 look like .
look over there .
they be go to be ripe soon .
the long one over there .
oh .
yes .
with , with ear , ah .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 ?
ah , here .
perhaps there will be an introduction so that children will know the name of the crop when they see them .
let , let them get some understand .
NE_location-0 adjacent to NE_park-0 be a major wildlife habitat within NE_continent-0 .
each year , over -CONST--0 migratory bird fly over NE_city-0 's skyscraper and choose to roost for winter here .
as a result , -CONST--0 different type of aviary be build in NE_park-0 .
these have become the best spot to observe bird .
among common bird , a rather special one be the black - face spoonbill .
it be an endanger bird species throughout the world .
uh @-@ huh .
ah , there be only about -CONST--0 in the world .
wow .
um , however , each year , about two to -CONST--0 of them come to NE_city-0 to spend the winter .
some of them , er , have stay in NE_park-0 .
uh @-@ huh .
so , our park 's logo be unique , feature this black - face spoonbill , which hopefully can draw people 's attention .
uh @-@ huh .
NE_park-0 worker be now in the middle of intensive work .
they will complete the park 's entire construction by the begin of -CONST--0 , to be able to participate in the ENT_date-entity-0 NE_campaign-0 .
ah , we have establish the year -CONST--0 as NE_event-0 .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 be that ?
because , as everyone know , our NE_amusement-park-0 will open in -CONST--0 of this year .
in addition , we will have NE_car-0 , that be , the cable car , er , to the NE_work-of-art-0 .
they add to what we already have , like the NE_facility-0 , which be also very famous .
moreover , er , we be include our software .
NE_city-0 's software be very well know .
like what 's use in our NE_event-0 .
we hope to use , er , a variety of hardware and software to package this entire -CONST--0 NE_event-0 .
without plan it in advance , they choose to settle here .
a dream that have be anticipate for more than -CONST--0 year will soon come true here .
because your line connect us with two --
in recent year , NE_city-0 's tourist attraction have gradually move from NE_island-0 to NE_city-1 and the NE_local-region-0 .
-CONST--0 out of the -CONST--1 new attraction participate in the -CONST--2 NE_event-0 be locate on NE_island-0 of the NE_local-region-0 .
for this reason , NE_island-0 have become a new NE_city-0 tourism popular spot .
the earliest to settle here be this world 's largest outdoor seat bronze NE_work-of-art-0 .
in NE_country-0 NE_religious-group-0 , there be -CONST--0 direction - east , west , south , north , and center - and -CONST--1 NE_person-0 .
therefore , NE_city-0 's NE_work-of-art-0 at the most southern tip of NE_country-0 , together with NE_work-of-art-1 in the east , NE_work-of-art-2 in the west , NE_work-of-art-3 in the north , and NE_work-of-art-4 in the NE_country-region-0 , exist as the representative buddhas for each of the -CONST--0 direction of NE_country-1 .
as a result , this place have become holy land in the heart of male and female devotee .
however , to common tourist , more of what this place bring -CONST--0 be wonder and awe .
since this giant bronze NE_work-of-art-0 settle on NE_island-0 , the world renowned NE_airport-0 at NE_island-1 and NE_amusement-park-0 have also be construct here in succession .
the important status of NE_island-0 be increasingly apparent .
no , it be totally inaccessible in the past .
in the near future , construction will also begin on a cross @-@ sea bridge connect NE_city-0 , NE_city-1 , and NE_city-2 .
in -CONST--0 --
could n't go in summer --
so , after their return , NE_city-0 , and NE_city-1 , the -CONST--0 special administrative region , be basically still use ship and helicopter to stay connect .
it 's extremely troublesome to get there via land .
one have to go up to NE_city-0 , NE_city-1 , then go through NE_local-region-0 , keep go up , to NE_city-2 , and certainly go to NE_city-3 , then pass through NE_city-4 to get to NE_city-5 .
for a NE_city-0 person choose to go there via land , it 's extremely inconvenient .
a full -CONST--0 year ago , NE_company-0 chairman NE_person-0 , a well - know construction tycoon , boldly make a cross @-@ sea bridge proposal .
with this bridge , the ENT_distance-quantity-0 would be very small , only a little over -CONST--0 kilometer .
however , due to various reason , bridge construction be put off .
this be what we have see since -CONST--0 .
anticipate for -CONST--0 year , today this dream be finally come true .
well , originally the construction of the new --
with this new hong kong - zhuhai - macao bridge that basically lead to all three place , NE_city-0 , NE_city-1 , and NE_city-2 , basically , at the start of the bridge , you can get on the separate road to the place you want to go .
NE_city-0 be this way , and NE_city-1 be this way .
from the perspective of either NE_city-0 , NE_city-1 , or NE_city-2 , our concept be a tourism zone .
er , %pw NE_city-0 for sightsee tour , NE_city-1 for entertainment , and we have NE_amusement-park-0 and other , other attraction in NE_city-2 .
each place have different attraction of its own .
so , with this bridge , when some old friend , friend from mainland NE_country-0 or from foreign country come to our place , it seem they can basically enjoy a complete tour with great convenience in several day , before , ha , go home .
-CONST--0 the NE_bridge-0 be build , it will no longer be a dream of tourist to enjoy gourmet food in NE_city-0 before have fun at NE_amusement-park-0 just -CONST--1 hour later .
promotion of NE_amusement-park-0 have long since begun .
however , even though it have enter the last countdown period before its final open , this wonderland be still unwilling to take off its mysterious veil .
ah , currently it have be decide that NE_amusement-park-0 will open on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 .
there 's also what we call soft open .
ah , they be now rehearse .
ah , different , ah , some group , they be rehearse their service , well , hope that they will become use to the service , be familiar with it , when our tourist come in -CONST--0 .
well , i be very confident , that when our tourist come to NE_amusement-park-0 , they will certainly return home very satisfy .
NE_event-0 will start from NE_city-0 .
this dynamic metropolis never cease its movement .
it continue to explore ; it continue to open new world .
each day , there be always something new for people to experience and to love about this city .
NE_city-0 be a world famous shop paradise .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 determine the position of NE_city-0 as a shop paradise ?
be it because of abundant merchandise or high quality at low price ?
be it a paradise for the rich or the general public ?
after all , ENT_amr-unknown-0 be the joyful memory from inside paradise ?
we respectfully invite you to watch NE_broadcast-program-0 in this edition of NE_broadcast-program-1 .
hello , everyone .
this be the NE_broadcast-program-0 on NE_channel-0 .
welcome to our program .
-CONST--0 let 's focus on the main content of today 's program .
NE_person-0 say that he have decide not to continue serve as NE_political-party-0 vice chairman .
candidate for the giant panda to be present to NE_country-0 as gift from the mainland may increase .
NE_country-0 's military use NE_event-0 as an opportunity for press arm procurement .
recently , the -CONST--0 NE_event-0 NE_event-1 be hold in the NE_city-0 .
more than -CONST--0 NE_country-0 businesspeople gather in this land know as " lush southern - type field north of the NE_facility-0 , " begin their tour and inspection journey .
well , ENT_amr-unknown-0 be the unique charm in NE_city-0 of the western region that have attract the attention of so many NE_country-0 businesspeople ?
-CONST--0 watch this edition of NE_broadcast-program-0 for a detailed report .
the NE_political-party-0 vice chairman arrive at party headquarters to meet with NE_political-party-1 chairman NE_person-0 on the afternoon of %pw .
after a long talk of over -CONST--0 hour , NE_person-0 express his wish not to renew his term as NE_organization-0 vice chairman .
he say that he will follow NE_person-0 as a lifelong volunteer .
%pw
he can n't seem to help himself from apologize for anything and everything .
NE_company-0 could make a fortune off of this guy .
i do n't follow , ENT_amr-unknown-0 should he apologize to NE_person-0 ?
did NE_person-0 apologize to NE_person-1 ?
he need to conduct a beer summit between NE_person-0 and NE_publication-0 .
mend some fence and get this country move .
he could call it the NE_tour-0 .
hell , sell ticket and hire the NE_country-0 to cater the event .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 drop out after super tuesday ?
i think NE_person-0 win big today and obviously stay in .
NE_person-0 get enough of a boost to do the NE_person-1 hang around .
i think NE_person-0 's sole win in NE_state-0 be enough to hang it up and go back to make -CONST--0 in the private sector .
i think the NE_person-0 be too crazy to hang it up .
i will stick around until the end .
no one
i think NE_person-0 drop out...
ok , my answer be no one and NE_person-0 win the NE_event-0 .
the only one with any reason to will be NE_person-0 , but i do n't think that he will .
NE_person-0 say tornado victim should not get aid
nut .
my heart go out to the people in tornado alley and i have no problem with my tax dollar go to help the survivor rebuild -CONST--0 life .
if you have no problem with your tax dollar go to aid them then you 'd have no problem donate to them of your own free will .
not to mention that he 's absolutely right that they should have insurance to cover them .
NE_person-0 be not quite bright .
he 's right in some way but it do n't translate into be right across the board .
this be n't like someone 's house burn down and they make an insurance claim .
everything be go , the entire infrastructure be go .
even if someone have insurance to cover their loss , that won't extend to the road , power line , sewer , public building .
the problem with this regime be aid be not distribute equally .
NE_political-party-0 get it , minority get it , white NE_political-party-1 jurisdictions do n't .
aid be now patronage , good party member get it .
be n't it interest how libertarian ' desire for " freedom " correspond so neatly with skinflint who do n't want to give anyone , anything .
so while libertarianism attract people who want to be " free " it also attract cheap asshole who do n't want to pay their fair share .
perhaps when libertarian figure out a way to differentiate between the two , i 'll vote for them .
i get what NE_person-0 be say .
thats what a hardcore libertarian would say .
but the rest of us be think about the people that do not have insurance and @/@ or need help right now .
kind of hard to build a house over night , mr NE_person-0 .
kind of hard to import food consider that the store be probably wipe out too .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 do one survive until the insurance( hopefully by a respectable company ) claim come through ?
ENT_amr-unknown-0 do one survive ENT_amr-unknown-1 you have the fund but the people you need to buy the goods from have no address ?
i know , you get into your pickup and drive over to the next town -- if you can find your damn pickup ! !
homeowners generally have insurance , but federal aid be necessary to provide for the clean up , repair of electrical and water system , road , school , bus , etc. etc.
keep in mind insurance company be not in the business of pay claim , they be in the business of make money .
anyone who suffer a loss as have those who lost everything over the weekend will not be make whole , and whatever claim they receive will not come soon or easy .
NE_person-0 and his libertarian idea be at best impractical .
no surprise there .
he have to win there to stay in , so ultimately this help NE_person-0 keep the vote split .
best outcome of the night would have be NE_person-0 lose there .
he 's a nonfactor at this point and only in out of spite .
if he be out of the race , NE_person-0 might have have a chance .
the NE_religious-group-0 be oppose to contraception for moral reason .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 be the morality in create a life when food and clean water be rare commodity ?
where poverty exist and educational opportunity be non existent ?
where be the morality ENT_amr-unknown-0 disease be spread ?
where be the morality ENT_amr-unknown-0 a women be the victim of domestic violence ?
when a women be force to conceive and then trap as the child become a lever to gain more power and more control ?
i be with you .
if you cant fee , house and take care of a baby you have no business have one .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 be it literally -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 impossible for the liberal mind to understand that just because you do n't want government involve in something do n't mean you 're against it ?
i 'm in favor of feed , clothe , and give shelter to the poor . i 'm against all the gov't institution that tax our brain out and who inefficiently attempt to provide some of these thing .
now be i just a genius who do n't know it , or be it really not that hard to understand such a simple concept ?
will they try to prop NE_person-0 up with a strong vp to help make him more palatable - or will they bring in a new face ?
either way , they 've get a big problem .
are n't you one of the asshole who assure us how NE_person-0 be inevitable as the NE_political-party-0 nominee ?
i do n't think NE_person-0 will tank , its go to be a close one till the very end , i be still root for a NE_person-1 @/@ NE_person-2 ticket .
wow , another NE_company-0 @-@ type company who take our money and fail in their goal .
they lay off -CONST--0 employee , but give big raise to executive .
another scam that the media will ignore .
after see those bus tour to NE_company-0 execs home , promote on NE_organization-0 's website , i be wonder ENT_amr-unknown-0 those same people be n't outraged at this .
maybe because it would look bad for the guy who promise to pay -CONST--0 mortgage , put gas in their tank , give them free cell phone and increase the welfare roll .
of course , the people on the NE_company-0 bus tour likely do n't get soak with high tax to pay for this scam , so ENT_amr-unknown-0 should they care ?
this be not surprising or shock to me .
NE_person-0 must pay off his supporter by way of cash infusion and call it " stimulus " money .
he be not lie to call it stimulus .
it stimulate others to be big contributor so they may be in on the next wave of free cash from the boy king .
another victory for the left because there be more people in need .
the government will rush in and show these people that ENT_government-organization-0 dependency be better than work and provide for themselves .
that be the plan with all the liberal policy .
no one should be expect to practice self sufficiency or concern themselves with personal responsibility .
increase the welfare roll till the taker outweigh the giver . only then can socialism creep in .
everything NE_person-0 have do be straight from NE_person-1 's NE_book-0 . all of it .
if some on the left want to remain ignorant and not read alinky 's book to prove it , that be on them .
for those in the know , this be all quite predicable .
dumb , dumb dumb...
i 've always be a critic of judge who decide they be go to disregard the will of legistlatures and the populace and impose these thing , but here 's a case where they do it the right way ,
they pass a bill , and NE_person-0 decide he 's stull suck up to be NE_person-1 's run mate .
NE_person-0 be be set up on this one and the ENT_government-organization-0 call his bluff
it will make him a big shot with the NE_political-party-0 in -CONST--0 but by -CONST--1 if he be to run for president " NE_person-0 veto gay marriage " will be a millstone around his neck .
by -CONST--0 most NE_country-0 will have gay marriage available .
christies denial of marriage privleges to gay will alienate independent and NE_person-0 " i want to have the people vote on it " will ring hollow
it be NE_person-0 that be the by far major nonromney candidate and NE_person-1 would appear to be the spoiler .
when the situation be reverse NE_person-0 argue that NE_person-1 be help NE_person-2 get the nomination and for the good of the conservative cause NE_person-3 should drop out .
now that the same logic would apply to NE_person-0 drop out , should he ?
sure , ENT_amr-unknown-0 not .
i think NE_person-0 be go to be the last of the " not romneys ", and NE_person-1 have have his moment .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 know . he may make a comeback .
of course money be a problem for him so he may have to drop out .
NE_person-0 or NE_person-1 . i could vote for either one .
no , ENT_amr-unknown-0 should he ?
he be , if nothing else , insure that he 'll be able to sell book after the election .
i mean you do n't really think that any of these guy really give a shit about their party or their nation , do ya ?
more than they care about themselves , i mean .
americans ' assessment NE_country-0 NE_government-organization-0 have hit a new low , with -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 say they approve of the way NE_government-organization-1 be handle -CONST--1 job .
the -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 disapproval rate be also the worst NE_research-institute-0 have measure in more than -CONST--1 year of track NE_government-organization-0 job performance .
ever notice that the more gridlock there be , the more NE_government-organization-0 ' rating go down .
in other word , NE_government-organization-0 should stop all the politcal bicker , put their head together and start working thing out in a real bi @-@ partisan format .
it work for NE_person-0 and NE_person-1 and look at the positive result .
i 'm not the least bit surprise .
i 'm still wait for NE_person-0 to drain the damn swamp .
today on the NE_government-organization-0 floor NE_person-0 say healthcare premium will not go down and that the NE_government-organization-1 need to quit say that ! !!!
then NE_person-0 in the NE_government-organization-0 say we need to pass the NE_law-0 so " we can find out what 's in it....."
the NE_political-party-0 be slowy turn NE_government-organization-0 into NE_person-0 's NE_festival-0 ! !!!!
the insurance industry 's own institute say premium would skyrocket .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 could they not ?
if you force them to accept pre @-@ exist condition and accept other insure 's currently not eligible because they cost too much , ENT_amr-unknown-0 be go to pay for that extra risk ?
you can n't legislate risk away . of course premium will rise .
the ENT_government-organization-0 be in campaign mode , willing to say or do anything to get this turd pass .
the joke will be on NE_government-organization-0 dems who be be promise a bill to " fix " the problem with teh NE_government-organization-1 bill .
anyone who believe that will happen be dream .
NE_person-0 will hang them out to dry .
1. end the war in NE_country-0
2. develop NE_country-0 energy independence
3. universal healthcare for all NE_country-0
work for me......
only if that mean it be over because we win .
and we will have some very strategically locate , large base to counter NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 agression for the next -CONST--0 year .
a good thing , but he will have to include thing he oppose , like drill and nuclear power , along with coal power to get there .
only if he adopt NE_person-0 's plan of mandatory universal participation .
which mean everyone , without exception , pay premium .
here be the thing that should be NE_person-0 's top priority .
#1 end the war in NE_country-0
#2 bring us universal healthcare
#3 repeal NE_treaty-0
#4 repeal the NE_law-0
#5 repeal NE_law-0
#6 bring NE_person-0 @/@ NE_person-1 up on criminal charge for war crime . ( send them to NE_city-0 haig ! !!)
#7 fire NE_person-0 !
#8 strengthen the NE_law-0
#9 abolish the NE_government-organization-0 !
#10 prosecute NE_person-0 !
ENT_amr-unknown-0 about ENT_amr-unknown-1 my favorite doctor quit because he be not go to take a pay cut ?
or just let the quality of his practice go down the tube ?
also , ENT_amr-unknown-0 be go to goto school for -CONST--0 year to be a doctor , with major student loan and only make a sub @-@ par ENT_government-organization-0 salary ?
i 'll tell ya what , if be go to goto school for -CONST--0 year , it would be for rocket science or computer engineer or something of that nature so i could easily make an above average salary .
last and most importantly , -CONST--0 never want to see any of my paycheck support some lazy person who do not work because the ENT_government-organization-0 pay for them to live their life .
i plan on vote against every single one of these dirtbags that call themselves representative .
our NE_government-organization-0 , be it the NE_government-organization-1 or NE_government-organization-2 , be a bunch of non @-@ represent representative .
its as if the NE_country-0 NE_person-0 once again do whatever be best for themselves irregardless of the consitution .
i say kick them all out of office , and then do it again every election for the next several cycle until they get the hint .
we be not happy , we are not gonna take it anymore ! !!!
am i the only one or be some of you feel like this too ?
i 'm not a NE_political-party-0 , i 'm not a NE_political-party-1 , i be an american ! !!!!
start respect my country , my consitution , and our national heritage or get fire @/@ vote out .
add your -CONST--0 cent people .
i 'll have a senator to vote for along with my representative , and NE_government-organization-0 NE_person-0 be not run in -CONST--0 so i 'll luckily have more option to vote for .
so far there be -CONST--0 candidate in the race that i 'm aware of , and i 'm not impress by any of them .
but hopefully somebody good pop up that i can support .
as far as my representative go , i can n't wait to vote against him .
i do n't vote ' against ' anyone .
i vote ' for ' the best candidate for the job , regardless of political affiliation ( unless , of course , they be un @-@ NE_country-0 , like libtards and neocons ) .
since none of the incumbent in my district will get my vote , i guess you could say i 'm vote ' against ' them , but i 'm still not comfortable with that term .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 would NE_person-0 be without NE_person-1 ?
a lot of us , include myself , have have fun poke , jab , make fun of NE_person-0 , her lack of knowledge about the constitution , her appearance on NE_broadcast-program-0 , etc....
but at this late date in the race...
ENT_amr-unknown-0 would he , ( NE_person-0 ) , be if he do not have her as his run mate
imo.... she be help him more now , because he be hurt himself , more .
NE_person-0 solidify the NE_political-party-0 base for NE_person-1 .
she invigorate the far right winger to actually go out and campaign for NE_person-0 , instead of apathetically vote for NE_person-1 to spite NE_person-2 .
NE_person-0 be the real star behind the NE_political-party-0 ticket this year .
if it be anyone else , NE_person-0 would not have a shot in hell .
NE_person-0 invigorate NE_person-1 's campaign , and she be one of the reason NE_person-2 raise $ -CONST--0 dollar in -CONST--1 .
when i see her speech at the convention , i immediately sent NE_person-0 as much money as i could .
presidential candidate : NE_person-0 ( c ) NE_political-party-0 NE_person-1 ( l ) NE_political-party-1 NE_person-2 ( r ) NE_person-3 ( g ) NE_political-party-2 NE_person-4 ( i ) NE_political-party-3 NE_person-5 ( d )
look like women have a candidate run for president .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 be n't women flock to her ?
ENT_amr-unknown-0 's wrong with the NE_political-party-0 ?
the woman be a nutjob .
she would make NE_person-0 NE_person-1 .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 on earth would women vote for the NE_political-party-0 just because they have a female candidate ?
sorry , i would n't have vote for NE_person-0 , either .
i would vote for NE_person-0 or NE_person-1 .
the NE_political-party-0 for the libtards who be too crazy even for other libtards .
if the ENT_government-organization-0 provide health care , whether spell out in this bill or not , it will ration the care .
that be how it work .
the ENT_government-organization-0 can not afford to pay for everything for everyone , even if ENT_government-organization-1 take all our money .
and in fact the research that back up this health care bill out of the NE_government-organization-0 spell it out clearly .
specifically it identify the elderly and those under the age of -CONST--0 as be less important and so they will be the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 to suffer from reduce service .
know that the ENT_government-organization-0 can not efficiently run anything , i can promise it won't end there .
since all healthcare be ration , the question for me be do i want those decision to rest with corporation whose sole reason for existence be to make a profit --- profit which depend upon insure the healthiest among us , and deny coverage for those whom they may have to pay claim ?
corporation where profit be dependent on not provide the service i pay for ?
that can at any point in time decide to cancel my policy , leave me without any coverage at all and no prospect of obtain coverage on my own ?
that spend -CONST--0 @/@ -CONST--1 of their revenue in administrative overhead ?
i have not see much cold weather , or snow , here in the northeast .
meterologist say this will be a warm than usual winter this year .
many temperature have be above what be normal for this time of year .
be this winter weather go to be what winter will be like in the future.?
warm temperatures.?
be ENT_amr-unknown-0 global warm be about.?
hey stupid , NE_state-0 's get -CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 inch of snow tonight .
when it snow in -CONST--0 it be global warm too
52 nd NE_street-0 all up in the white .
i see NE_person-0 . thank for let me know .
whats the name of that motor cycle gang you belong to ? ?
its warm , therefore global warm
it 's snow , therefore global warm
ENT_amr-unknown-0 will it be too late to do anything about global warm ?
have we already guarantee our doom ?
so you be a warmist too ehh ?
sorry to hear .
the facts.... from about -CONST--0 to -CONST--1 we have a -CONST--2 @/@ -CONST--3 of a degree warm period .
this start the man make global warm claim .
another inconvenient fact for the man make global warm crowd . since -CONST--0 until today there have be no significant warm .
a further fact . in the early -CONST--0 's scientist predict that over the next -CONST--1 year the ENT_temperature-quantity-0 would go up globally about -CONST--2 degree . and that be what it do .
so we have an -CONST--0 year trend that see a rise of -CONST--1 @/@ -CONST--2 of a degree world wide . follow to date by a -CONST--3 year period with no appreciable warm . remind me again ENT_amr-unknown-0 we be all doom ?
experience the great platonic year .
precission of the NE_planet-0 equinox refers to the NE_planet-1 's axis wobble move in an unconventional way .
ENT_temporal-quantity-0 period event be a -CONST--0 yrs wobble path .
notice the ice cap weight shift it be due to NE_planet-0 own inertia and the sun moon alignment .
this vid indicate inertia shift in ice not to be due to global warm but due to physic of the NE_planet-0 , sun , moon system .
this inertia of the sun NE_planet-0 moon generate potential physical plate movement on NE_planet-1 , ie earthquake .
very cool stuff .
so be this because of global warm or be it NE_person-0 's fault ?
it 's a good thing the polar ice cap be shrink then right ?
this seem to explain the record snow fall in NE_country-region-0 and NE_state-0 .
nobody as yet really understand why periodically NE_planet-0 undergo geomagnetic reversal . but the wander magnetic pole seem to have be happen for the last -CONST--0 year .
happen regularly , and seem to have little effect on the biosphere as a whole .
no unusual event in the NE_era-0 record seem to be associate with magnetic reversal .
but everyone know that what man make doesnt count huh ?
not , i suspect , as it relate to magnetic pole shift or drift .
you just know that some ignorant fool be go to blame pollution .
this be really eye open .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 be the environmentalist ?
have you see the trash along the road and in the ditch across this county ?
i see chair couch refrigerator and who know what else out here in the countryside .
people have no respect for their neighbors and i be talk about NE_country-0 here .
if they have no respect for their neighbors or fellow countrymen ENT_amr-unknown-0 can they have respect for themselves ?
its not everybody but a small segment of our society but the question be ENT_amr-unknown-0 small be this segment ?
now that be precisely what i be referring to .
instead of focusing on the filthy habit of illegals violate our border , you go one a mission to deflect .
not today , pal .
stay on point !
whole apartment be shake .
far out and funky !
ENT_amr-unknown-0 the hell ?
NE_person-0 say he feel this too in pa .
nothing here in NE_city-0 though .
do you think earthquake at first ?
felt it here just outside of NE_city-0 , pa !
thought i be have a seizure or something at first , till i see the water in my water bottle sway back and forth .
the book shelf in my computer room be move back and forth .
weird dude .
was go on for like -CONST--0 second .
the time of water war be upon us with the privatization of water resource worldwide by multinational conglomerate who be not accountable to , or suppressible by the local population they effect , even here in NE_country-0 .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 say you ?
' NE_documentary-0 on what the privatization of water really mean which be the inspiration for me create this thread .
it bring to light the insane and completely immoral behavior of water corporation ( NE_company-0 , NE_company-1 , NE_company-2 , as well as NE_company-3 and NE_company-4 , and their involvement with the NE_organization-0 ) ...
i be never go to buy another NE_company-0 , NE_company-1 , or NE_company-2 product until...
i be die of thirst , which be the situation many in the world find themselves in now .
allow the privatization of public water source be stupid beyond all understand .
water be resource of the commonweal and ought never to be allow to become capture by any private concern .
right now corporation like nestle be buy up the world 's best spring to make bottle water .
allow this to happen be a perfect example of how pervert our ENT_government-organization-0 have become .
hey........30 year ago , i be read about all kind of hysterical doomsday theory of the extinction of this natural resource or that natural resource .
you get a few decade down the line and realize there be lot of smart people out there who roll out hysterical theory because they know there be -CONST--0 of sucker out there who 'll buy it in a heartbeat and profit handsomely ftw ! !!
my wife work with the NE_government-organization-0 a lot and she send this report over to me .
they report on just how difficult it will be to regulate the amount of NE_small-molecule-0 be release .
-CONST--0 : //www.gao.gov/new.items/d10818.pdf
of course it will be difficult .
the energy company be put many , many -CONST--0 of dollar into prevent anything at all from be done .
but we will probably start do it well after it will make no differance .
our grandchild will curse the blindness and greed of this generation .
i go to NE_publication-0 and check out the NE_world-region-0 oil crisis : all of the post be -CONST--0 ENT_temporal-quantity-0 old , or older...
how ENT_amr-unknown-0 -CONST--0 people post on NE_publication-0 ?
the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 -CONST--0 month there be -CONST--1 of private citizen with their video cam report about what be happen in the gulf... show everyone firsthand eyewitness account of the incompetence of NE_company-0 and the lack of ENT_government-organization-0 response .
now there be none : zero : nobody have post -CONST--0 single video on NE_publication-0 about the NE_world-region-0 oil crisi for -CONST--1 ENT_temporal-quantity-0 .
this stink to high heaven .
do n't tell me nobody have post anything on the NE_world-region-0 crisis for -CONST--0 ENT_temporal-quantity-0 : there be a media bl ; ackouit go on .
the last time something like this happen that i know of ; be the NE_political-party-0 convention in NE_city-0 for the renomination of NE_person-0 for a ENT_ordinal-entity-0 term in office .
would n't that be a NE_publication-0 blackout , then ?
i mean , rather than a media blackout ?
NE_world-region-0 oil spill - google search = plenty of coverage about the oil spill still on the media .
that 's the point : the oil have not be clean up : its sunk below the surface : just like all the true fact have sunk out of sight .
the dispersant they use , NE_dispersant-0 ; have destroy all possibility of clean up the oil because it 's make the oil sunk below the surface .
NE_company-0 's use of corexit be a quick way of sweep the problem under the carpet : idiot who do n't see the oil on the surface will assume that there be n't any ecological damage go on .
instead , the ecological damage to the entire area be now a -CONST--0 time worse than it be when the oil be still on the surface .
the oil beneath the surface : -CONST--0 and -CONST--1 of gallon of oil be kill all wildlife , all the fish , all the dolphin , all the crab , all the shrimp , everything .
to people who do n't live there : the horror of this catastrophe make worse by NE_company-0 cannot be understate enough .
yes you read that correctly....lets just assign a number because we want too !
yeah that 's the ticket !
these clown commit this fraudulent behavior all the fricking time and NE_person-0 , NE_person-1 , NE_person-2 , NE_person-3 and a whole host of others ignore this .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 be so distort in their fundamental makeup that they can see this desecration of science and ignore it ?
in fact they support and revere it .
bizarre .
yes , they have be extrapolate temp for area where they have no direct measurement . however , as they state , one should use the NE_organization-0 measurement for those area , if very accurate measurement be desire .
yet , for all of NE_person-0 yap , none of this change the fact that the warm continue , and differant agency have better accuracy in some place than others , depending on the method use .
another item concern NE_person-0 .
he be not a meteorologist .
he be a fraud in that department .
tomorrow , the NE_publication-0 come out and as usual , there will be idiot claim the government do n't count people not receive unemployment benefit , or that the ENT_government-organization-0 be n't count people who should be count etc.
so let 's discuss .
question : ENT_amr-unknown-0 exactly do we want to measure and ENT_amr-unknown-1 ?
answer : we want to measure the labor market and how it be change , especially how difficult it be to get a job .
first difficulty be that not everyone can freely participate in the labor market .
there be law and barrier afffecting group of people .
while children can work , there be significant restriction as to field , hour , change job etc.
at approx age -CONST--0 the restriction be go , almost all job be open for full or part ENT_temporal-quantity-0 work .
so we ignore anyone under -CONST--0 .
next group be prisoner . while some " work " it 's not really a labor market system and work or not work be not free choice of entry and exit .
so we ignore prisoner .
next group be those mentally or physically incapable of work .
while many disable and those with psychological condition do work , those who be institutionalize or in long term care ( such as a hospice ) can n't .
so we ignore those in an institution or long term care .
there remain many disable who can n't work but be n't in an institution , but since some can and some can n't work , there 's no bright line , so we include them all .
next : retirees .
many country exclude those over the age of -CONST--0 .
for a country with mandatory retirement , or generous ENT_government-organization-0 pension , that be sensible as almost all those over 65 do n't need to work and do n't work and include them can distort the picture .
but in the NE_country-0 , there be no mandatory retirement ( except in military/police ) and retirement benefit be not as generous or universal .
so no maximum age limit for us .
last , military . for a while , they be count as employ ( -CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 ) but since there 's no free exit and it 's not a market system , include them just raise the number of employ by a fairly constant level , so it 's better to exclude the military .
so we have our population : the adult civilian non @-@ institutional population .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 do we divide that up ?
the key be to be as objective as possible .
since we have to use a survey ( it 's just not possible to do a full count every ENT_temporal-quantity-0 ) , any subjectivity will increase our error , so we have to avoid any possible overlap or judgement call .
let 's look at employ .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 be employ ?
some have suggest a minimum number of hour work , but be that a good idea ?
plenty of people voluntarily work few hour , or in a particular week only work a few hour . should we say they do n't really have a job or be n't really work ?
that 's very subjecive . we do n't want to run into case be someone nomrmally work -CONST--0 hour -CONST--1 week , but in the particular week of the survey she only work -CONST--2 hour and count as unemployed .
so we set a bright line of -CONST--0 hour for pay , and also include those as employ people temporarily absent due to brief illness , injury , vacation , strike , bad weather etc.
we can always look at sub group later .
unpaid labor .
some people do n't get pay ( directly ) for work , either charity work or work on a family farm or family business .
let 's not include charity work , because that 's not really part of the labor market .
but family business @/@ farm be a different story...the person be either just help out , ( mean if they do n't already have another job they would n't take one if they be n't work for family and @/@ or no one would have to be hire in their place ) or they be a substantial part of the business prevent them from another job and fill a job slot no one else can take .
so let 's set a bright line of -CONST--0 hour -CONST--1 week and anyone work without pay on family business farm -CONST--2 hour or more -CONST--3 week be employ .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 about someone hire but not yet work ?
many thing can happen , so we won't call them employ until they 're actually work .
now for the unemployed .
in casual usage , this can mean many different thing , but what we want be a precise , objective definition .
and what we 're look for be available worker who be n't work .
this have an impact on the labor market..supply over demand .
some people do n't want to work...retirees , housewives/husbands , full time student , and some people on drug or alcohol or criminal or lazy .
so let 's not count anyone who do n't want a job .
should we count everyone who say they want a job ?
they could be lie .
they could be unable to take a job if offer ( mean they 're not available labor ) .
so ENT_amr-unknown-0 bright line can we set ?
if someone be actually look for work , send a resume , go to an interview , on the union list , then we can safely assume that they be really available for work .
but if someone be n't do anything about a get a job , then they 're not available , anymore than someone who do n't want to work .
sure they may still consider themselves " unemployed " and they may sincerely want to work , but since they 're not available , since they 're not part of the actual supply of labor and can n't be hire , we exclude them .
so we have our employ , we have our unemployed....this be our labor force , our available supply of people who can work or be hire .
everyone else be not in the labor force .
since the population tend to grow , for an historical comparison , it 's better to look at rates/ratios/percentages to get a clearer picture .
labor force participation rate : the labor force as a percent of the population .
this can be largely affect by non @-@ economic factor as the increase of women into the labor force in the 60 s and 70 s show , but it give a good look at how much of the population be try to work .
employment @-@ population ratio : this tell us the percent of the population that 's actually work .
again , non @-@ economic factor play a role but look at the change can tell us useful thing .
unemployment rate : unemployed as a percent of the labor force .
this tell us how much of available labor...people willing and able and available to work... be not be use .
this be all economic factors...the percent of people try and fail to get a job .
do this give a complete picture of the labor market ?
of course not...it 's not meant to .
it do n't tell us type of job , if people be work as much as they want to , people who do n't believe they would be successful .
but it tell us what -CONST--0 're look for : the percent of people who we know for sure cannot get a job .
i think that explain the basics .
i 'll be happy to clarify question or discuss any real issue .
the issue be simple , when 150k job be create and you need 250 to maintain...
yet the ue rate go down.2 ENT_percentage-entity-0 then you have a choice...
you can make believe thing be get better or you can understand that thing be get worse and deal with it .
you choose to make believe .
neither side expect the other to be consistant .
i remember the libs make this argument during the NE_person-0 year .
of course , the real cuteness be during the NE_person-0 year during the run up to the -CONST--0 election when the military be add to the employ part of the picture .
presto , -CONST--0 more employed person and the unemployment rate when down by a substantial fraction .
that get quietly reverse after the election .
what be important here be that unemployment be no long the short term thing it have usually be .
we have people look for work who have be look for -CONST--0 year or more .
we have folk just plain resign from the work force and do n't look any more .
people who -CONST--0 year ago have successful career .
even under the regime of -CONST--0 week unemployment rather than -CONST--1 week , we have large number who have go beyond benefit .
to maintain ENT_amr-unknown-0 ?
and do " it " need to be maintain ?
or you can do actual analysis of the data .
" job " come from the NE_publication-0 ( ces ) while unemployment ( and total employment ) come from the NE_publication-1 ( cps ) .
the NE_thing-0 be non @-@ farm payroll employment . it exclude agriculture , the self @-@ employ , unpaid family worker and private employee ( private cook , nanny , maid , etc ) .
so " job " may go up 150k , but total employment go up 300k .
you can n't directly compare -CONST--0 measure that measure different thing .
much of the drop in ue have be for the wrong reasons...a decrease labor force .
that be not the case for the -CONST--0 drop .
at best thing have be spotty lately...up and down .
you can n't just look at -CONST--0 number or -CONST--1 measure and say " thing be good " or " thing be bad ."
the best unit of measure be , i think to determine how many NE_country-0 be work .
instead we get report on the number of people who self report they be n't work but be look for work .
to find out all we have to do be ask NE_person-0 and remember that NE_person-1 vote to the left of sander while in the NE_government-organization-0 .
NE_person-0 help us all if NE_person-1 ever get to appoint a liberal inflationist NE_government-organization-0 chairman .
oh , and we might remember that when their NE_person-0 , NE_person-1 , be ask about the future consequencs of his ultra easy monetary policy he say , do n't worry about the -CONST--0 , we 'll all be dead .
NE_person-0 : another very important issue be with unemployment so high , ENT_amr-unknown-0 can we strengthen the fed 's full @-@ employment mandate[ with inflation] and ensure that it conduct monetary policy to achieve maximum employment ? [ through inflation].
in other word the fed have a number of mandate and one of them be to control inflation .
but one of them also be to pursue policy that lead to full employment .
be the fed do that in an adequate way ?
well i would argue that by definition when you have -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 of people unemployed and underemployed it really be not .
they 'd do exactly what they 've do since -CONST--0 .
lend out " money " that do n't exist , charge interest for it , inflate the hell out of the currency and line their pocket in the process .
then , they 'd bankroll endless stupid foreign war , the socialistic welfare state , massive NE_person-0 scheme , endless bailouts of state , city , corporation and foreign nations....
the same thing a conservative fed would do , and then they 'd call it brilliant and give NE_person-0 the credit .
an NE_thing-0 target can fix the unemployment problem without result in inflation .
that 's a gross misunderstand of the NE_person-0 quote .
what he 's say be n't , obviously , that we should n't care about the long run .
what he 's say be that economist be take the easy way out only ever consider the long run .
we need not only theory of the long run , but also theory of the short run .
nobody can " fix the unemployment problem " ....
this be the fatal conceit of socialistic central planner come out of the chute .
" global warm be real - it be man @-@ make and it be an important problem . but it be not the end of the world." - ENT_amr-unknown-0 say it ?
NE_person-0 - NE_publication-0 , the free encyclopedia
i think this issue be only valuable for the purpose of support commoditization of co2. that 's my explanation for why all of the fund scientist point to the gas and build the anthro argument . i dont see how it be credible in light of more dominant cause .
i 'm curious dante...dosen't the temp change by about -CONST--0 degree , every year , in the northern and southern hemisphere ? also , with warm temp and more NE_small-molecule-0 in the atmosphere , would n't the number and variety of plant and tree increase ? ENT_amr-unknown-0 ever happen to the rain forest , nuclear meltdown , ozone layer , global cool , or any of the other iminent catastrophe that will befall us if we do n't do something right now ! !? the only environmental issue important to envronmentalists be whatever one can generate the most money . at least oil company get their cash by provide us with something -CONST--1 need . you enviro @-@ whackos get yours by do absolutely nothing at all , except make life hard for everyone else .
in reality human contribute about -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 to global worm in term of NE_small-molecule-0 release into the atmosphere . yes it be true that we be responsible for this number and try to minimize it in whatever way we can , but human be not ultimately the source of global worm . it be arrogant of us to think that we can effect the ecosystem of the world in such a drastic way in only -CONST--1 year . science be divide on the issue with scientist in ENT_government-organization-0 lab report that global warm be an imminent threat cause by human and only we can save the planet while scientist at university and private organization generally suggest that man be not the ultimate cause and in reality contribute little . the NE_organization-0 have publish documentation and recommendation about global warm at regular interval and it be not until one of their more recent publication that they completely overturn their previous data show global warm to be natural in favor of new data that show global warm to be human cause . the problem be that they use the same relative data set and simply change the way it be view to maximize the human contribution . they have also be know to falsify information to suit their purpose and destroy information that prove them incorrect .
so it would appear that politics drive natural history and our relation to the ecosystem...inherent problem there .
consider too rapid climate change event as document by paleoclimatological data from ice core drill out of NE_continent-0 and atmospheric analysis of gas freeze in the ice . this heat process occur every -CONST--0 year like clockwork for the past -CONST--1 year that our record go back . guess what...it have be just about -CONST--2 years...fancy that .
remember in the -CONST--0 s when the next ice age be around the corner and we be all go to freeze to death ?
very simple . adapt to a rapidly change climate be preferable to change our present habit , no matter how destructive they be to the come generation , or to the rest of the biosphere .
for most people , the present rapid change be already stretch their ability to adapt . they see job that they consider safe niche now go forever , with no demand for skill that take ENT_temporal-quantity-0 to develop , and now the scientist be tell them that they have to change even more . that we should cease to use fossil fuel asap , that we need to switch to an energy base that feature nuclear , wind , solar , geothermal , and other non @-@ pollute source , that they do not understand , and have no experiance with .
i see otherwise intelligent people convince themselves of the scientific equivelant of the sun rise in the west simply because they wish to avoid any more change in the life , and the way that they live . which , of course , push the change onto their children , and grandchildren , who will be face a much more serious situation concern the effect of a change climate , a rapidly change climate , than we face today .
well , that be the culture of this nation , and our children will suffer the consequence of our inability to face reality .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 long would we live if we could replace body part with exact match ?
ENT_amr-unknown-0 about replace our whole body and exchange brain with that of a clone ?
someday the micro surgery techiques will be available .
would you participate ?
i would if it be sure fire .
they be patent human gene right now .
perhaps one have an inalienable right to patent one own body and its specific type .
do we own our own uniqueness ?
your thought ?
interest book...last NE_book-0 woods...talk about how this generation have accept the merge of man/machine/animals....that there be about -CONST--0 patent life forms...
i be not real sure what that mean but i be sure NE_person-0 can explain it...
i find the idea of " cloning " sillie...
the so call " clone " be a human from your cells...not a spare part factory for you .
be there not still question concern the aging of cell in the " clone " animal or person...
that dollie 's lamb ( remember the NE_sheep-0 that be cloned ) age fast due to her age at the beginning....
so you would have to clone your infant...
now tell me....you have spare infant identical to the one you give birth too and your not gonna love it....
now that would be a brave new world .
would i be able to order clone of NE_person-0 and NE_person-1 that i could keep as sex slave ?
if so , count me in .
go ahead and slap a property tax on them too , i 'm good for it .
-CONST--0 NE_country-0 troop be kill when the NE_aircraft-type-0 carry them crash .
may they rest in peace and condolence to the family and love one of these brave young men .
-CONST--0 coalition troop kill this year ? man , that 's a lot .
i do n't realize the casualty be that high this year .
our NE_publication-0 do n't seem very interested in cover the NE_country-0 war much . i 'm really not sure why .
that 's bad but this be the unnecessary war NE_person-0 start .
this be war and people die in war .
over -CONST--0 NE_country-0 death cause by NE_country-1 occupation
this happen in -CONST--0 .
they be the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 and only -CONST--0 , i believe .
they do the same train , make it through .
that be pretty cool .
it 's like the " softest " branch of the military and the tough assignment together .
so these guy can be sit in a bar next to some NE_military-0 .
NE_military-0 say , " so ENT_amr-unknown-0 be you ? "
and they say , " we 're in the NE_military-0 ."
and maybe they snicker a little , but they should n't !
ENT_amr-unknown-0 make people assume the NE_military-0 be the softest branch ?
ignorance ?
maybe you never serve in any military branch and have no frame of reference ?
not to diminish the great NE_military-0 sailor who keep the gigantic ship run with all kind of technical skill , NE_military-1 people be the real sailor who navigate tiny boat in high sea to rescue people , arrest criminal and keep NE_country-0 's shore safe .
it 's not surprising that they could complete NE_military-0 train if they want to .
i 've be read through several news site tonight and i just pick up on a great story about a NE_military-0 pilot who probably save a lot of NE_military-1 life in the early going of the NE_country-0 war .
now let 's get one thing straight , i initially agree with the reason for go into NE_country-0 , but i no long agree with it .
i support NE_person-0 to pull our troop out by next year .
i always , -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 side with our brave men and women who be put themselves in harm 's way .
now today , i come upon this story on tv .
lieutenant colonel NE_person-0 .
he be promote to lt. colenel in -CONST--0 .
he 's part of the 325 th NE_military-0 off of NE_facility-0 fly NE_aircraft-type-0 's and NE_aircraft-type-1 @-@ 22 raptors .
he 's be in the NE_military-0 for -CONST--0 year .
he be just -CONST--0 year short of retirement .
he 's fly mission in NE_country-0 , NE_country-1 , NE_country-2 and have be await re @-@ deployment a new tour of duty .
if you know anything about NE_military-0 , he 's afelm jt fly trng .
back in -CONST--0 this hero win the NE_award-0 .
back in -CONST--0 , -CONST--1 the NE_military-0 be make the initial advance to capture NE_airport-0 , NE_person-0 and his wingmen find an NE_country-0 ambush site of about -CONST--2 apcs that be less than -CONST--3 mile from the -CONST--4 .
at the time , his wingman be suffer from a major malfunction in his plane that prohibit him from deploy his weapon .
within a timespan of -CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 minute , he and his wingman be finally able to deploy all of their weapon and destroy the -CONST--2 apcs that be about to NE_vehicle-0 the NE_military-0 on their mission to take NE_airport-0 .
they take out the entire enemy position and that night the NE_military-0 capture NE_airport-0 .
why be i post this ENT_amr-unknown-0 there have be several -CONST--0 if not -CONST--1 of other NE_country-0 soldier , seamen and pilot ENT_amr-unknown-1 have each serve their NE_country-1 heroicly and have also win medal , ENT_amr-unknown-2 some have even die for ?
because this hero be -CONST--0 year away from retirement and be be discharge , against his will , from the NE_military-0 . be this because of bad behavior ? no. he have an excellent record of service and have never have any problem . then ENT_amr-unknown-0 , if this -CONST--1 @-@ year veteran ENT_amr-unknown-1 be an excellent pilot of the NE_military-1 NE_military-2 be discharge against his will , -CONST--2 year before he retire ?
because he 's openly gay . he 's command squadron , save other NE_country-0 soldier ' life and serve with honor .
but because he be different than we be , because he be sexually attract to men , his sexuality trump the incredible record of service he 's have over -CONST--0 year .
are you tell me that the most professionally train , the meanest , the fiercest military in the world that can destroy any other enemy and accomplish any goal its give , cannot accept men or women who have different seuxality taste than other people ?
this do n't NE_law-0 absolutely must be repeal immediately !
men and women who fight to save our country , who be more than willing to die to protect our freedom , must not be discriminate against .
it 's time to end prejudice and time to accept human being for who they be - espeically our heroic men and women in the NE_military-0 . support our troop !
all of them !
in these troubled time we simply cannot do without this significant portion of potential enlistees , and talented senior member , to uphold an absurd , and bigoted , policy .
most absurdly , we be allow ourselves to fire NE_language-0 specialist , people whose position be critical at this time , due to a trait that have no effect on the performance of their duty .
i know NE_government-organization-0 have a lot on their plate right now , but they need to move on this soon .
preferably with a solution that would allow soldier lose to this idiotic policy to reenlist if they still wish to .
its not that the military be against gay .
the military be against thing that make it run less efficiently .
allow black to enter the military increase its number and productivity thus the long term goal outweigh the short term unease .
allow openly gay men @/@ women into the service would create long term discomfort and you would see a decrease in troop number as well as military efficiency .
because of the nature of the military and close quarter share especially among men in war simulation , train and actual warfare the distraction of have someone who -CONST--0 know may be attract to -CONST--1 can ultimately cause death because you be distract .
as part of the NE_military-0 ?
they do pretty much the same thing though the NE_military-0 have the much more elite unit and more highly train infantry .
the NE_military-0 , as demonstrate by its successful execution of NE_event-0 during NE_war-0 , be also capable of make dare amphibious assault , so why not just disolve the NE_military-1 into the NE_military-2 ?
you be aware that the NE_military-0 be the only service that be protect by NE_government-organization-0 act ?
the NE_military-0 must maintain a minimum of -CONST--0 division and can not be disband without a NE_government-organization-0 act .
this be do in the early -CONST--0 's because of reject like you .
because the NE_military-0 need bodyguard for the officer corps and a expeditionary force , too .
leave the fuck NE_military-0 alone .
they 're -CONST--0 of the few organization i still have some respect for in this nation .
to be honest , the NE_military-0 be a great service .
i have serve with several stellar performer from NE_military-0 and 3 rdarmored .
got friend in the 101 and 82 nd NE_military-0 or airmoble .
the bottom line ( and the hook and sinker ) be that man for man , and dollar for dollar the NE_military-0 cannot match the " kick in the door " specialty that our NE_military-1 do .
btw i do a force on force with the 10 th NE_military-0 in the late 80 's .
they be attempt to go @-@ light and be use our fmfm 's to teach em technique .
and besides , they aint ready to be NE_military-0 yet .
you just know i have to weigh in on this one !
each service and the NE_military-0 have their unique role .
there be of course some similarity and overlap between them .
that be what allow the NE_country-0 military great flexibility in operational execution .
fund will always be an issue .
each service think their requirement be more important than the other service 's .
because not everything get fund , we go to war with the military we have and not the military we want .
obviously , there have be interservice rivalry since the first ship went to sea with fight men on board .
the NE_military-0 have brotherhood beef with the NE_military-1 but we recognize that the NE_military-2 be a unique unrivaled infantry machine .
the NE_military-0 have the ability to meet any infantry requirement anywhere and be set up for long term mission .
the long term ability of the NE_military-0 mesh 's with the immediate ferocity of the NE_military-1 .
they be far from the same and if combine would defeat the purpose of their original design .
a funny story ( at least to me ) .
i have -CONST--0 son in the NE_miltary-0 corp , both of whome recently complete their mos train and head to their permanent duty station .
-CONST--0 of them go through mos school at NE_fort-0 , mo .
he be tell me that the NE_military-0 trainee 's have top salute the NE_military-1 ( no matter their rank ) ....
that to me show the respect that the NE_military-0 have for the elite NE_country-0 fight force...and a respect that would be lose if they be part of the NE_military-1 .
he also tell me that the NE_military-0 guy get additional pay for be station on the same base as NE_military-1 be not allow to go round in group of more than -CONST--0 , because they be concern about what they could do to anyone .
be afraid...be very afraid....usmc all the way ! !!!
man , ENT_amr-unknown-0 the hell can people do this ? ?
and a mother especially.....where be the motherly love and the mother instinct to protect her children ? ?
blind rage be just that @- blind .
i -CONST--0 find myself hold a steak knife @- ready to plunge it into my chest .
and i do , in my mind .
i be already dead .
but by some other force , i do n't .
i still do n't know why .
it be -CONST--0 of but -CONST--1 miracle that i 've witness in my life .
folk black out so to speak .
they black out to one singular vision that be a reality of past present and future . and for that i hold them ( and once myself ) harmless .
drug . NE_person-0 have over -CONST--0 different kind of drug she be take .
it 's a wonder she could find the bathtub .
neither one will go down in the history book as the best in theirsports............................
both be consider shoe @-@ ins duringtheirprime
i want to say something else too though .
-CONST--0 watch a documentary about NE_person-0 -CONST--1 , it be -CONST--2 that focused more on -CONST--3 fight career than his personal life .
my god , as a boxer that young man be simply awesome - and that be not a word that i use very often .
if i remember correctly he win -CONST--0 out of his ENT_ordinal-entity-0 -CONST--1 professional fight by ENT_ordinal-entity-1 round knock out , generally consummate by a left @-@ upper @-@ cut struck on the jaw that would lift a -CONST--2 @-@ pound man -CONST--3 feet off the mat .
its impossible to compare athlete from different era .
in golf alone the equipment be so much better now than it be even -CONST--0 year ago let alone -CONST--1 or -CONST--2 year ago .
its also impossible to compare the competition level .
i do n't think NE_person-0 be ever slate to be the greatest boxer of all time .
regardless of his skill , he never have the competition during his era to be consider the greatest
NE_person-0 defeat NE_person-1 , NE_person-2 , NE_person-3 and forman who be all better than anyone NE_person-4 ever face
i find out today that the NE_store-0 that i go to be closing down .
this be the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 store in my area to close in the last year , and i 'm actually a bit upset about it , because the few that remain be n't close enough to drive to .
NE_company-0 already drive the mom and pop videostores out of business , and they be be drive out by movie on line , movie on demand , and movie by mail @- business they be try to get into .
i guess some would call this progress , but i think we be lose something as well .
NE_company-0 be a simple version of NE_company-1 , in that you can still go to a NE_company-2 and browse and get a movie right then and there .
i actually prefer the NE_thing-0 because it do n't have nearly as much selection .
enough but not so much that -CONST--0 stand there for -CONST--1 hour , you know ?
all of the NE_store-0 around us close down .
you can get some great deal on movie @/@ tv show as they unload their inventory .
they drop the price each week so if you 're look for something in @-@ particular , nows a good time to keep an eye out for it .
also , when ours close down they offer a free movie ( that you be buy anyways , -CONST--0 think whatever the cheapest movie you be purchase ) and -CONST--1 ENT_temporal-quantity-0 free of NE_service-0 ( it 's like NE_service-1 ) .
you can just cancel before the -CONST--0 ENT_temporal-quantity-0 timeframe be over .
i take them up on the offer... good deal .
for me , part of the fun of rent movie be go to the store with your chick and pick them out , bullshit with other people in the store , etc.
god forbid we have to leave the house for -CONST--0 hour and move our limb .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 guy hear about a little boy be rape and dosen't call the cop .
the guy that notified his superior , who should have call the cop .
fire them all
i assume he assume after report it up the chain that something would be do .
i do though think the school make the right move last night , just wish NE_person-0 have be able to go out on a more positive note after what he 's do for nearly -CONST--0 year at NE_university-0 .
wish him a long and happy retirement .
how interesting be this .
some guy be go to tweet NE_war-0 in " real time " as it happen way back when .
i imagine you could tweet vintage ww2 headline ENT_temporal-quantity-0 but not much else .
the minutiea of such an undertake be indeciperable .
this quest be noble .
NE_person-0 have beat her predecessor NE_person-1 in a ballot for the federal NE_political-party-0 leadership by a margin of -CONST--0 vote to -CONST--1 .
follow event as they happen on our live blog .
2. NE_person-0 have say he would retire if he lose .
now be not the time to be bicker with an election come .
4. i 've be in NE_country-0 the past -CONST--0 weeks...
...where the NE_country-0 political story have be top news .
the local paper be of the opinion that , whomever win the leadership contest , the NE_political-party-0 be likely to be heavily damage go into next year 's election .
local NE_organization-0 activist be part of this protest .
file this under " holy s***!"
-CONST--0 of protester from various group converge on the state capitol in NE_city-0 , NE_state-0 today .
shortly before the protester arrive , capitol police discover a truck laden with explosive park outside the capitol .
yeah , this sound like bullshit .
-CONST--0 , the protester be not targeted .
that 's an invention of the blog reprint this .
-CONST--0 , i have a really hard time believe that there be any actual " explosive , " since the news story they link to talk about -CONST--1 guy get arrest for threaten governor NE_person-0 .
nothing about explosive charge , etcetera , which they 'd be quick on top of if there be any actual explosive .
given the way these story get exaggerate , " several improvise explosive device " could mean anything down to a few bundle of firecracker -- or nothing at all , since false report be n't at all uncommon .
doubly so since they apparently do not even bother to tow the truck , so clearly there be n't a serious threat .
translation out of hype @-@ speak : some kook make threaten noise at NE_person-0 and get arrest . the end .
of ENT_amr-unknown-0 am i try to convince you ?
i 'm express my own view here .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 you believe be of concern only in term of debate .
and possibly add to my knowledge if i 'm convince there 's justification .
so far , not .
if that article represent the final word on " substance " to you , that 's fine with me .
i be , and remain skeptical .
i 'm sure they find something .
hard to make any case at all without something tangible .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 it be , ENT_amr-unknown-1 put it there , and ENT_amr-unknown-2 remain , for me , unknown , and also remain decide factor for me .
wingnut @/@ hard for me to grasp . goodness , disagree with you cause personal attack . not hard to believe when consider the weakness of your argument .
this be excellent news , we need a counter balance !
it be reveal in -CONST--0 that NE_person-0 @/@ NE_organization-0 be create the right wing NE_language-0 version of NE_organization-1 .
1. ENT_amr-unknown-0 make u think these channel will be a counter balance to anything lol nt
2. because when all else fail , i still trust in NE_animal-0 !
3. NE_company-0 's NE_network-0 have be rate the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 most conservative news coverage .
still , a conservatively biased channel be preferable to a conservative propaganda channel , which be what the NE_channel-0 NE_language-0 channel will certainly be .
4. ENT_amr-unknown-0 be univisions coverage ?
i understand that it be a center leave network .
i turn on my coputer this morning and instead of open the internet to my NE_company-0 home page ( white ) it open to a page call " NE_page-0 " which be black .
i think , hmm , they do funny thing with the NE_company-0 letter for holiday , so maybe today be NE_page-0 wednesday or something .
i " blackled " it and find out they change the page to black to save energy .
do this make sense ?
any teeth to this and if so , do it make enough of a differrence for web developer to switch ?
i just googled NE_company-0 and when i click on the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 selection it take me to the white NE_company-1 page , so apparently we still have a choice .
the new search from NE_company-0 have the NE_address-0 , not google .
also , when we have a choice for skin , like i think we do ( or do at one time ) here on NE_location-0 , then we could all contribute to the energy savings by use the black skin , right ?
so , we could participate that way , too .
( although i find the black page hard to read.)
anyone familiar with the working of energy that could explain the black page use less ?
or , whether or not it be that significant ?
only so long as they have no redeem quality , i imagine .
it be always wrong to kill anybody , whatever they have do .
i hear it cost upwards of -CONST--0 dollar to execute -CONST--1 prisoner ; that sure buy a whole lot of year in prison .
a concurrent thread have touch on the the role of religion in the NE_country-0 civil right movement , and its place in the NE_country-1 constitution .
be the " equality " issue " religious wish fulfilment " which fly in the face of biological and sociological " fact " ?
i think you be answer if -CONST--0 men be the " same " and not necessarily if they be equal in right or should be .
t k o
i see equality as a goal to strive for , although in effect , it be somewhat arbitrary , dependant on the whim of change time .
while ride the bus earlier this week , i overhear a man say that if he " have the gut to do it , " he would jump off an overpass .
he follow up with an affirmation that he would never do it because he would never find those gut .
we be probably all familiar with the traditional say regard suicide - that -CONST--0 be a " coward 's way out ."
my question be this : be it really ? or be it the opposite ?
that be , do the act of suicide actually require courage to commit ?
personally i believe it require a tremendous amount of courage and perhaps the greatest amount of courage of any possible action .
after all , we be speak of terminate one 's own life , perhaps forever end one 's existence .
we all have our thought on what come next , but no one can be certain .
one may be forever end -CONST--0 existence , or he may be forever subject himself to punishment if the religious view on suicide be a sin be correct .
either way though , one be enter the unknown by willingly terminate his life , which blatantly violate the biological drive to live , to continue exist .
how can this not be an extremely courageous act , much more so that " find the courage to remain alive in the face of unbeatable problem ? "
remain alive to face one 's problem be continue the state of existence that one have always know .
end that life be journey into something new , something that may be better or may be worse than the current state of existence the individual be comfortably familiar with .
either way he be terminate his life and accept the state of death that deep down we all fear .
how can one consider voluntarily enter that state cowardly ?
@elmud , well , i think your reason have merit :
[indent]one be fearful of some thing one overcome their fear to do that thing in so do , one can therefore say to have courage [/indent]
so yes ; strictly speak , i think you 're correct .
although i must admit , it strike me as very unproductive to give praiseworthy word to such an act .
" he have the courage to kill himself "; though correct in this sense , lead to a ' destructive ' conclusion .
as a side note , labeling it as a " cowardly " or " easy " way out - i think - be simply people use derision to express their disapproval .
such disapproval may be certainly warrant - and i disapprove of it generally - but what one must go through ( mentally , emotionally and @/@ or experiencially ) can hardly be call " easy ".
i can also envision a state where , for me , such a solution could be warrant ; not a good -CONST--0 to be sure , but conceivable nonetheless .
to fight with every last stitch of breath for even the most @-@ remote possibility for " thing get better " be what i hold to .
interest twist on the issue . thank for post
@withoutreason , it be a purely courageous act , especially if you prepare for it so that it be least painful for your love one .
i do n't know if it could be argue as a logical choice , per se , especially if you have not yet try let go of all the thing that bring you down ( psychologically speak ) .
but , if you just get your arm and leg blown off by and ied , then by all mean , have at it . ( err...have someone do it for you.)
accord to most analyse , from within and without the petroleum industry , the world supply of oil , relative consumption , will effectively peak in the next decade .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 do this mean ?
if demand exceed supply , someone will neccessarily have to go without .
the issue be ENT_amr-unknown-0 ?
some nation will be price out , most likely the relatively undeveloped country in which automotive transportation be not really essential .
however , when there be not enough oil to satisfy even the industrialized nation , ENT_amr-unknown-0 totally depend on oil not only for transportation , but for farm , various chemical industry , etc. , ENT_amr-unknown-1 will they likely respond ?
obviously , war be a possiblity ; they have be fight for far less in the past .
of course , access to petroleum itelf be not the only issue .
most of the world 's food be grow use modern farm method that require enormous amount of gas .
if the amount of surplus food suddenly decrease as a result of peak oil , the poor around the world will starve , lamentable in itself , cause instability that could lead to conflict over scarce resoures .
NE_country-0 come to mind .
the economy of that nation be be build , with questionable logic by the central planner , on the NE_world-region-0 model : i.e. NE_world-region-1 on cheap petroleum .
what be unique about NE_country-0 be that the rule party 's legitmacy be intimately assosciated with rapid economic progress .
if this be suddenly to halt or risk collapse , would that rule party push the country into war , either to acquire access to oil or simply as a distraction , as so many authoritarian regime have do in the past ?
there be shift of power occuring in NE_continent-0 , as NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 exert their influence .
the NE_organization-0 of which they , along with ian , NE_country-0 and most of the former NE_country-1 republic , be memebers , have state that it intend to remove NE_country-2 influence from the region and failitate the rise of a ' multi @-@ polar world .'
i do n't want to guess their specific motive , but it seem to me that such an arrangement could be very advanategous for those nation in the event of a crisis bring on by peak oil .
between NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 , they would have access to enormous oil reserve , from which they could , if supply be too short , deny the NE_country-2 NE_country-3 come to mind as well .
as anyone who have do even the most superficial research on that nation would know , the NE_government-organization-0 be a joke , a paper tiger and a tyranny hate by most of its people .
if election be hold their , or if there be a struggle for power , the regime that woudl arise would be friendly with NE_country-0 and extremely antagonistic to the u.s.: quite understandably i might add .
with the largest oil reserve in the world , it be vital that the NE_country-0 maintain contorl over NE_country-1 , which mean prop up the NE_government-organization-0 , and it would be equally benificial to NE_country-2 or to NE_country-3 and its partner in NE_continent-0 to facilitate a revolution there , which would allow them greater access by default .
and so , after all that , ENT_amr-unknown-0 you might justly consider paranoia , my question be basically this ; in light of the threat of peak oil , and of the general decline in NE_country-0 economic might relative the rest of the world ( not to mention the current NE_country-1 crisis ) , ENT_amr-unknown-1 do think the world will look like in -CONST--0 decade or -CONST--1 ?
if NE_country-0 hegemony fail , as appear inevitable , ENT_amr-unknown-0 will be its replacement ?
nice post and important issue .
i really , really hope that alternative source be be as enthusiastically @-@ pursue as the urgency of the situation dictate they should .
but the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 , perhaps facetious , response i have to " ENT_amr-unknown-0 would happen "-question be to recall the 80 's NE_movie-0 , and NE_movie-1
i 'll admit though : there 's a part of me that want to see all this fossil @-@ fuel b.s. come tumble down .
even if it set transportation , technology and civilization in general back some , i 'd think a " reboot in a better direction " ( read : away from finite resource , fossil fuel ) be so much the better .
yea , more war over oil resource be likely ; perhaps even inevitable .
there be no question that the come century will see a confluence and will be a critical turn point in human history .
peak oil will be one of the primary driver of this process .
we may very well be call upon to choose between collective life and death .
the potential be there for both .
if we so choose to do so the technology we will have available in the near term future be perfectly capable of salvage the situation .
but if we do n't and we allow our technological civilisation to collapse under -CONST--0 own weight , the next generation of human will have to do without the major step stone of an oil based economy .
there simply will not be enough oil leave .
they may not be able to kickstart their own industrial era .
i think what you be go to see be a shift towards localize economy .
as the oil supply become smaller and population grow there just will not be enough to fee the system .
hopefully , people realize that it be go to take oil to move beyond oil , so the focus should be use what be readily available wisely , before the shift become extremely expensive .
i just read of NE_person-0 's death in NE_country-0 -- he be primarily know as a science fiction author , but his science fiction presage many of the technology that we now consider plebian .
his prediction of geosychronous satellite in the 40 's be now so utilitarian that this -CONST--0 hour equatorial NE_thing-0 be now know as the clark NE_thing-1 ,
many other of his ' fiction ' have now become casual technology .
i remember when he do that show " NE_show-0 " about enigma and theory about thing like NE_island-0 , great pyramid , and NE_facility-0 .
great man , great body of work , a truly enlighten soul who will revisit us again i 'm sure .
see you in the blink of an eye , buddy .
this be sad news .
i enjoy his book and his perspective on thing .
another giant gone .
shame nobody ( except a quoted person ) spell his name right .
i could n't for the life of me figure out ENT_amr-unknown-0 to post this question , so i think i 'd put it here since it 's biologically relevant... somewhat .
do n't ask me ENT_amr-unknown-0 but i need to know ENT_amr-unknown-1 happen if you dye your eyebrow .
say you want to disguise yourself by bleach dark hair blonde and that you want to do the eyebrow as well to complete the disguise .
now the hair on your head will eventually grow and you 'll lose the blonde @-@ ness , but ENT_amr-unknown-0 about the eyebrow ?
i do n't remember ever have them cut or trim , so would they stay blonde ?
eyebrow have a different " terminal length " than head @-@ hair -- that be , they grow to a certain length ( and not longer ) , then fall out .
they 're still go through the growth process , though .
the old one fall out , the new one fall in .
so it 'd have to be re @-@ done at interval , yep .
this excessive concern with little eyebrow be a trifle odd .
i do n't think NE_person-0 be look to disguise herself .
i think she 's on the vamp .
accord to NE_person-0 it be the male who do the vamp .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 's the scientific explanation of the reversal in human ?
its the same with long @-@ haired dog and short @-@ haired dog .
the short haired dog have hair strand that ( on the average ) fall out or break before the average long @-@ haired dog 's .
eyebrow hair grow much slower than head hair , so if you dye everything together , your head hair will show " root " long before the eyebrow do .
i dye my eyebrow all the time , whether i 'm do a touch up to the root , or my entire head .
so , that 's every -CONST--0 week .
i do n't know ENT_amr-unknown-0 fast my eyebrow grow , but after -CONST--0 week there 's always a grey one in there somewhere .
i guess they grow as fast as women seem to need to pluck them .
btw , when you 're die them , use a NE_product-0 , and make sure you get it all the way to the root .
i rather suspect that the " there be a god who always be -- and the god create what we see and can infer exist " scenario have more appeal forl you .
am i correct ?
a " theory " be nothing more than an explanation of know facts...when and if the fact change , the theory would be expect to change . therefore , any propose " theory " that be not support by know fact be to be reject . however , support for any one theory do not
automatically lead to a rejection of a ENT_ordinal-entity-0 or even a ENT_ordinal-entity-1 if those
theory be also support by the fact .
fact , not interpetations , be the basis for evaluation . an open and
curious mind and a regard for truth be still the basis for good science .
media coverage and political support be not .
it 's a common argument that the universe be tune " just so " for life to exist , and that any slight modification mean that " life " would be impossible .
but this premise assume that life as we know it be the only form of life that *can* exist . and i disagree with this assumption .
the life we see around us evolve in this universe as condition allow , so it 's not surprising at all that everything fit nicely . other universe with different rule would necessarily have life in them which fit that universe . and universe which be sterile have no life in them to question the fact that they be not there .
the really interesting thing to realize be that life evolve in universe ( at least this -CONST--0 ) at all . be the evolution of life in a universe pure chance , or be it inevitable ?
in our universe at least , life not only can exist , but do exist . and that mean that our universe be itself , alive , in a very real sense . and we be its thought .
a variant on the multi universe which seem to me obvious , and very real , be the infinite universe .
here the universe that we perceive be simply -CONST--0 cell of infinity , the others be like or unlike " cell " beyond our own , but fill the remainder of " everything " beyond our specific " this " with " otherthings ", identical , or not .
if we look at the magnitudinal stratification of this universe we go from , as we interpret it , and with our current ability to decern at sub nano level , the smallest subatomic particle through atom , molecule , solid , construct , and on , and on , and on , to planet , star system , galaxy , and on to our entire known universe .
would it not be foolish to assume this " NE_product-0 " like lattice would stop at the extreem of our meagre ability to observe , rather than continue to follow its serial makeup to unimagined level of structure , and beyond to infinity ( infinity , of course not be a point , but rather a lack of constraint quantifier ) .
multiverse
i be work on a research project on the concept of the multiverse and while i enjoy the incoherent ramble argument on whether there be a god or not im feel kind of empty . the universe be the way it be because if it werent then we wouldnt be able to contemplate on whether therte be a god or not . and try to justify the existence of god through anything deal with relativity be laughable . god be only able to exist through faith . and faith go against everything that science stand for .
a key issue in disscussion of " life " and " universe " be ENT_amr-unknown-0 constitute " structure " or " order ". for example , to take NE_person-0 's ( and NE_person-1 's ) fractal model of embed " structure " we be still leave with the regression problem of " ENT_amr-unknown-1 observe @/@ define such structure ".
my own conclusion be that term like " multiverse " have no separate reality with respect to a singular concept whilst the criteria for " reality " concern explanation of what we call " event " in the single universe . i be say that the occurence of " life " be not an " event " in the usual sense because event presuppose " observer " ENT_amr-unknown-0 classify them as such . ( observation in " our mind eye " be cognitive sleight of hand ) note also the term " multi " imply " one ENT_amr-unknown-1 classify or count " and we can ask again ENT_amr-unknown-2 be this other than ourselves ?
in short , the corollary the universe appear like it be because we be like we be be equally valid .
the transcendent question be of course " ENT_amr-unknown-0 constitute explanation " and ENT_amr-unknown-1 can this encompass the interaction of observer and observe ?
rather than take a reductionist view propose infinite , slightly different universe that somehow interact ( alah m @-@ theory ) , allow for strong emergence via the NE_analyze-01-0 of flaw in the of the NE_theory-0 argument that support reductionists . basically this state the final outcome of a system may not be soley define by outcome write into the basic law of physic * a gazzillion atom , but there can be " a cosmic imperative " write into the law of nature ( NE_person-0 - NE_university-0 uni - NE_city-0 , NE_country-0 - NE_publication-0 , NE_publication-1 vol 10( 2 ) , p1 "
so basically ultra complex system can produce wierd outcome ; such as rock , intelligent life or high temperature superconductors all from the same raw material - simply arrange slightly differentally . this might bring down the number of universe require to create life from infinite to merely fairly large !
can we -CONST--0 get these people a voice in NE_city-0 ?
ENT_amr-unknown-0 long be we suppose to wait to see if this womans brain will ever rewire effectively before we move on ?
we NE_country-0 have let our victim fetish get so bad that we be pathetic .
if i be in NE_district-0 , i think this would be a fair question but i 'm not sure of ENT_amr-unknown-0 the mechanism to remove a congresswoman be other than the ballot box .
NE_person-0 be not all there but still hold his office with the consent of his constituent .
i think as long as her constituent be ok with it , we do n't get a say .
as NE_person-0 point out , NE_person-1 's office be do quite a lot .
that do n't seem incidental or trivial to me .
NE_person-0 be vote in because people agree with her policy and approach to politics .
she hand @-@ select this group of people who now make up her office , with the intent of work together to implement her vision .
in that way , she be still the representative , as these people take her state vision and priority and work to make them happen .
if NE_person-0 be unable to recover fully before the next election , i think it would make sense that her ENT_ordinal-entity-0 @-@ in @-@ command , or whomever have be most instrumental in the work that her office have be do since the injury , go ahead and run in her place .
i think NE_person-0 's point about not encourage removal from office by gunshot be a good one .
the member of the minority party in the NE_government-organization-0 be largely cipher anyway , although only a few of them have the excuse that they suffer from medically certifiable brain damage .
all the NE_political-party-0 in the NE_government-organization-0 could take -CONST--0 year @-@ long vacation and the result would largely be the same , so giffords 's absence from NE_person-0 duty be hardly consequential .
indeed , the country would benefit if more congressmen could be induce to take extended break from their duty .
it might be a good idea to keep track of this woman . some basics from her NE_publication-0 biography might be helpful .
the congresswoman , who be about to turn -CONST--0 , be born in NE_state-0 . when her parent divorce , she move to NE_state-1 with her mother . she work in a kibbutz after high school , attend NE_university-0 , the now defunct law school at NE_university-1 and the NE_university-2 law school where she take a master 's degree in tax law .
she have be marry for -CONST--0 year . " NE_person-0 and her husband own a NE_religious-group-0 counseling clinic in NE_city-0 , NE_state-0 .
NE_person-0 also have an ownership stake in NE_city-0 , NE_state-0 farm land . since the death of her father @-@ in @-@ law , the farm and its building have be rent out to a neighboring farmer who maintain a dairy herd on the farm . from -CONST--0 through -CONST--1 , the tenant @-@ farmer receive $ -CONST--2 in NE_government-organization-0 subsidy , chiefly for dairy and corn price support ."
initially a NE_political-party-0 , she become disillusion with NE_person-0 . in -CONST--0 , the NE_religious-group-0 documentary by NE_person-1 , " NE_documentary-0 live ? " impel her to take up an anti @-@ abortion stance and she and her fiance begin pray outside abortion facility .
" in -CONST--0 , NE_person-0 and other parent start a k @-@ -CONST--1 charter school in NE_city-0 , and she begin speak against a state @-@ mandate set of educational standard , which propel her into the world of politics .
NE_person-0 become an outspoken critic and opponent of NE_state-0 's NE_policy-0 . in a -CONST--0 column , she write : " NE_policy-1 alter the basic mission and purpose of k @-@ -CONST--1 academic education away from traditional broad @-@ based academic study gear toward maximize intellectual achievement of the individual . instead , NE_policy-2 utilize the school day to promote children 's acquisition of workplace skill , view children as trainee for increase economic productivity."*
* my reaction : what a surprise .
i love NE_person-0 !
with any luck , she will be the NE_political-party-0 nominee for the -CONST--0 presidential race .
a dream opponent for the dems , really .
now , if her run mate be to be someone name -CONST--0 , the dems could be in trouble , like , a NE_person-0 @-@ -CONST--1 ticket would blow them off the road once the campaign get into overdrive .
doubt if she 'd adopt an anti @-@ vocational ed stance , though .
all i know , be the more i see her on television , the better .
NE_publication-0 : -CONST--0 : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v=iaadvod2srq
@33export ,
i 'm not certain that everyone will " get " the reference to NE_organization-0 . the NE_country-0 , however , will .
@plainoldme ,
it make -CONST--0 laugh ( and -CONST--1 ) .
thats only because you aint see nothing yet .
@maxdancona ,
my comment be simply a reply to the backhanded reference to NE_organization-0 .
imho , NE_person-0 be not as sharp as a bowl ball and have no business even think about run for president .
i love watch NE_person-0 be funnier than any sitcom on television . bad thing be she make NE_person-1 ronmey look very solid . i mean , compare to NE_person-2 and bachmann , NE_person-3 sound like NE_person-4 lol .
@jcboy ,
i believe that NE_person-0 have a real chance of beat NE_person-1 for the nomination . i think it will come down to the -CONST--0 of them , and NE_person-2 's negative , from be a NE_religious-group-0 to have take so many position in the past that annoy NE_political-party-0 .
a " selection of recent article on the NE_political-party-0 presidential wannabe and NE_political-party-1 darling ", from the NE_publication-0 here
@walter NE_person-0 ,
as amusing as a NE_person-0 candidacy would be , itll never happen . there be some intelligent people in the rnc who realize that this would be tantamount to hand over the presidential race to NE_person-1 without fire a shot . the rnc be scare that the public may love her like they do sarah.with the gop try to find NE_political-party-0 " center of mass " they be p[arading out these clown that can only cause them big trouble in -CONST--0 -CONST--1
it 's that time again .
politician run for mid @-@ term election be attack their opponent and in do so , stretch truth where ever they may be find .
i want to get a list of fact check websites go .
it 'd be interesting to see if different site come up with the same facts....
i figure someone should just start a website call NE_website-0 and just post pics of all the candidate , that would certainly make it easier
i 'm kind of cynical that fact even matter anymore .
we 've leave the information age , we be well into the opinion age .
that idiotic NE_political-party-0 " NE_publication-0 " be rip to shred by NE_organization-0 , but it won't matter because those who believe it ( or at least believe in the idea of -CONST--0 ) won't ever dare venture near a fact check source .
i think we need a new web service that fact check , but also track who come and read the fact .
you must have be read the NE_publication-0 , in which the NE_political-party-0 promise to return the country to fail NE_person-0 policy of borrow and spend and the elimination of oversight and regulation .
it be his policy that bring us a net job loss over -CONST--0 year ( ENT_ordinal-entity-0 in history ) , bank that become , in essence , hedge fund , sleazy sub @-@ prime mortgage loan , torture , corruption , etc.
moreover , privatizing NE_program-0 and NE_program-1 be a prescription for disaster .
( check with the brits who go through this relative to their version of NE_program-0 security.)
while the hostility between internal faction of the clerical regime and their feud over the sham election be escalate , the people of NE_city-0 , particularly young people , demonstrate in their -CONST--0 in different part of the city include NE_street-0 , NE_street-1 and NE_square-0 , vanak square , NE_street-2 , takht @-@ e @-@ tavoos NE_street-3 and NE_city-district-0 against the illegitimate and fraudulent election .
whereas i take every single word utter by NE_country-0 with a grain of salt the size of NE_planet-0 , even i can smell the stink from that election .
dear fellow NE_country-0 , this -CONST--0 th of -CONST--1 , while you and your family celebrate the -CONST--2 th anniversary of the found of -CONST--3 nation , there 's -CONST--4 party -CONST--5 won't be invite to...
...and that 's the party that NE_person-0 be throw at NE_organization-0 headquarters in NE_city-0 -- use your tax dollar -- for nearly -CONST--0 dictatorship , -CONST--1 terrorist state , ENT_government-organization-0 that endorse execution based on religious faith , and a multitude of other nation from around the globe .
you see , this party be n't to honor -CONST--0 freedom -- but to conspire to take them away .
over our -CONST--0 -CONST--1 th holiday , on NE_organization-0 soil , they be prepare to enact a legally @-@ bind treaty that would give the u.n. unchallengeable power to ban civilian ownership of all firearm .
that mean your rifle , your shotgun and your handgun . and your freedom !
to learn what you can do to stop the u.n .' s global gun ban treaty @-@ before it destroy our NE_law-0 right to keep and bear arm visit -CONST--0 .
just as a handful of patriot fire the " shot hear ' round the world " at NE_bridge-0 , it 's up to you and me and every patriot who cherish our NE_bill-0 to tell the world today that our nation will not be bully by the u.n.
thank you for act today .
throw ' em out , and drop out .
this organization have be finance with NE_country-0 tax dollar since its inception , and all it do it fee off of the money and try to kill the host . f--- ' em .
odd , such an extensive website about the threat of this global gun ban treaty , a dozen webpages at least -- and it doesnt actually seem to have a single link to the actual text of say propose ban .
do n't those NE_organization-0 member want to check out for themselves what the text actually say ?
do n't you think it 's odd ?
do n't you want to know what that ban treaty actually say ?
the treaty can be find here..
it seem that NE_person-0 be in support of criminal based on the what this treaty do .
try read the NE_organization-0 treaty when -CONST--0 sober up cj..
you might find it be n't even close to what you desperately want to think it be .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 make you think the NE_organization-0 let little fact like that get in the way of stir up fear ?
like the NE_organization-0 be go to actually demand that we close our firearm factory , and they be just go to lock the door because of this treaty .
lethal injection electric chair gas chamber hang fire sqaud
ENT_amr-unknown-0 care , would you rather have your hard earn tax dollar spend by keep them behind bar .
i would n't .
lethal injection follow by hang .
fire squad be probably pretty quick , but i do n't know that it 's use much .
the electric chair and gas chamber be nothing short of barbaric .
on the ballet i fill out yesterday , there be a NE_political-party-0 run for president .
i try to look up their website , but it be block at work .
so this even peak my curiousity even more ( as the other candidate websites be not block ) .
anyone have a clue ?
here be their mission statement .
interest - i have n't hear of them before and be curious .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 could have be so offensive that the website be block ?
NE_person-0 's view that affirmative action should , after these many year , continue may lead to his defeat in -CONST--0 .
and this may be the correct result .
affirmative action equate to discrimination against nonbeneficiaries , usually while male . NE_person-0 say he be against quota , but so @-@ call goal be invariable set up .
moreover , the goal be a euphemism for quota .
NE_person-0 should assidiously avoid the NE_term-0 and instead embrace programs the benefit the economically disadvantaged , regardless of race , gender , or ethnic origin .
depends on ENT_amr-unknown-0 it 's frame .
by far , the largest group benefit from affirmative action is.... wait for it..... white women .
affirmative action have be essential in allow women to break into some high pay , male dominate field .
many of these field be clearly still male dominate in the management area .
all NE_person-0 have to do it make the point , repeatedly , that NE_person-1 's position be anti @-@ women and he be for increase the role women play in the workplace and he 's get a winner .
what be tell be that even when talk about NE_person-0 's " defeat " the other guy never get mention .
if this prediction be true i would think one would consider it ENT_amr-unknown-0 's his name 's " victory " rather than NE_person-0 's defeat .
they can n't both lose...
the funny thing be that more NE_country-0 support affirmative action than oppose it ( this NE_thing-0 show -CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 in favor of aa for racial minority ) .
the conservative do n't understand that turn the majority of NE_country-0 into " liberal " be not a good electoral strategy ( as they see in the -CONST--0 election and will see again in -CONST--1 ) .
i 'm always surprise to see affirmative action discuss in term of liberal/conservative .
my brother , who be a general in the NE_country-0 army , self identify as conservative but be a big believer in affirmative action .
i self identify as a moderate liberal and definately identify as a woman am not nearly the supporter he be .
so i 'm just go to read along to see if the why of this be a liberal v . conservative issue become any clearer......
quota be racist .
there be no get around it .
they be a mean of make a choice based on race .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 do it surprise anyone that NE_person-0 would support quota ?
NE_person-0 be n't against all racism , just some of it .
are those who question -CONST--0 @/@ -CONST--1 anti @-@ semites ?
anti @-@ semitism be one of the most frequent allegation levy by defender of the ENT_government-organization-0 's version of -CONST--0 @/@ -CONST--1 against people question that account .
be it true ?
are -CONST--0 @/@ -CONST--1 activist really anti @-@ semites ?
not anti @-@ semites .
just anti @-@ logical
so out of the -CONST--0 NE_country-0 voter who say we need new 911 investigation there be no NE_ethnic-group-0 ?
not likely .
this post be based on the incorrect statement that :
" anti @-@ semitism be one of the most frequent allegation levy by defender of the ENT_government-organization-0 's version of -CONST--0 @/@ -CONST--1 against people question that account ."
no. anti @-@ semitism be not the most frequent accusation against those that question the ENT_government-organization-0 explanation of -CONST--0 @/@ -CONST--1 .
only when obvious anti @-@ semites try to say " the jews do it , " might that allegation make .
and , that i think be a version of -CONST--0 @/@ -CONST--1 that be accept in many muslim country as the most popular notion .
unfortunately , anti @-@ zionism and anti @-@ semitism have be meld in the popular culture by many people .
so , anti @-@ zionists often become anti @-@ semites , rather than do the intellectual effort to parse the -CONST--0 concept .
i see NE_person-0 on a show this weekend .
when ask ENT_amr-unknown-0 no economist support her tax holiday plan , she say they be elitist ENT_amr-unknown-1 do n't understand the pain the common man be in .
just to review , NE_person-0 and NE_person-1 have propose eliminate the federal gas tax of $ 0.18/gallon during the summer drive season .
NE_person-0 say he will pay for it with spend reduction , NE_person-1 with tax on oil company .
NE_person-0 ( and all economist ) say this be a bad idea and result in insignificant savings .
there be no support for this in congress and the president have denounce it .
if the tax be repeal , several commentator feel the refiner will take some for themselves since they have also be hurt by rise price .
what burn me be the " elitist " comment apply to economist .
we tell our children to work hard , get a good education and become expert in their field , but if they disagree with a politician , they become latte drink elitist out of touch with the hard work common man .
be n't this just what NE_person-0 have do to the scientific community in miniture ?
be n't advice from expert require to run a country like the us ?
i 'm sure there be some economist of priviledge out there as well as some ENT_amr-unknown-0 propose solution based on theory without regard to the impact of their idea , but NE_person-0 do n't have any economist ENT_amr-unknown-1 support her proposal , so ENT_amr-unknown-2 's the deal ?
( i do n't know about NE_person-0 's belief since NE_person-1 have be do the heavy lift so far.)
interest i think , be the poll release this morning on NE_company-0 detail that -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 think the gas tax holiday be a good thing while -CONST--1 ENT_percentage-entity-1 think it 's bad .
whatever , i think it 's just plain sleazy .
engineer engineer , i repeat my response on another of your topic .
i agree with you and NE_disorder-0 .
NE_person-0 's desperation " gas vacation " proposal be about the last straw with me .
she have really demean herself as far as i 'm concern .
it 's not only her pander , it 's that the proposal be so stupid .
the oil company would end up with the money by raise their price and the public would get nothing .
NE_person-0 for NE_government-organization-0 majority leader be now my choice for her . bbb
NE_person-0 and NE_person-1 be try to win vote with nickle and dime stuff ;
our economy be strain so badly , it need more than $ -CONST--0 tax rebate or -CONST--1 @-@ time summer relief from tax ;
it 's call a ) save home of -CONST--0 of family , b ) our economy , and c ) the war in NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 .
some dunderhead will fall for these gimmick , and vote for them in -CONST--0 .
i have go thru countless election and many thing be say in the heat of the campaign .
NE_person-0 once elect might go not thru with it .
that be not to say she lie but that wiser head may counsel her to pass it up .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 be NE_person-0 ?
ENT_amr-unknown-0 have he desert ?
his absence have be explain many time in many different way , but he have virtually disappear from the scene .
this would n't be so important , but he still be the vice president , be n't he ?
thing be look very muddled right now .
NE_person-0 , who be enjoy a limelight , be now be ask to keep a low profile , since his abrasive personality have alienate so many .
poor NE_person-0 , no matter how many time they parade him , still be n't impressive .
and NE_person-0 be begin to look like a desperate man in search of some dignity .
a lot of public appearance be leave to NE_person-0 , which be his job , but he do n't exactly have such an ingratiate personality either .
which do n't leave us very much in the way of impressive @-@ look leadership .
so ENT_amr-unknown-0 be NE_person-0 ?
he 's in the underground command center....
he 'll resurface soon...
maybe he be in a cryogenic chamber right next to NE_person-0 .
in other word they be keep him on ice .
moonlight for NE_company-0
weird , be n't it .
i 've be wonder ENT_amr-unknown-0 he wander off to .
he 's be ' off the radar ' for a long time .
but he tell us all at the outset that this be the way it would be .
he be spend time in the bowel of NE_location-0 with his real boss , plot and plan .
yes and get rich by the day .
maybe a low profile because his name be now show up in arabic and NE_continent-0 paper regard that very same NE_company-0 bit ?
as NE_person-0 would say here we go again .
NE_company-0 be close -CONST--0 store and lay off approximately -CONST--1 people .
it be almost a ENT_temporal-quantity-0 ritual with the announcement of massive layoff .
president NE_person-0 on the other hand continue to claim the economy be strong , not as strong as it could be but strong nonetheless .
he have however present a package which he contend will stimulate the economy and create job .
over half of the package $ -CONST--0 will come by remove the tax on dividend .
what do you think of the package will it stimulate the economy ?
in addition if the economy remain sluggish ENT_amr-unknown-0 be NE_person-0 's chance for re @-@ election ?
yeah , it 'll stimulate the top -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 of the wealthy in this country , but will do nothing for our economy .
money must be put into the hand of the middle class and the poor for our economy to be stimulate .
the best way to accomplish that be to cut everybody 's tax by -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 effective -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 .
that 'll pump about a half trillion dollar into our economy . c.i .
well , i think it would be nice to see that title somewhere...since i can n't find it in reality....
it be wild to me how such an effective , strong , woman -- the closest advisor to the most powerful person in the world -- have garner no more support , no accolade from women and black -- -CONST--0 group who be always try to find successful sister or positive story of black achievement .
i have notice a distinct discrimination among women and black in whom they will ballyhoo , and whom they won't .
if any other woman in this country have soar to the height NE_person-0 have reach , it would be NE_event-0 -CONST--0 @/@ 7...
NE_person-0 be unwelcomed among his own race .
the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 black person to serve on the NE_government-organization-0 .
even if he have a disfigure pigment problem and a ENT_ordinal-entity-0 leg , if he be the slightest bit liberal -- he 'd have statue and street name after him already .
i hear a NE_state-0 mayor on NE_publication-0 today , and be hearten .
he be explain to the ( of course , liberal ) quizzical reporter how he could be a NE_political-party-0 .
it be as if he have to apologize to the entire black community...
i be proud that he tell the reporter he feel racially stereotype to be expect to be a NE_political-party-0 .
he should n't be expect to be anything .
it be to the great , abide shame of women and black to turn -CONST--0 back on the great achievement of these people .
it be the new racism ; by black against black .
the new feminist sexism . appal .
some liberal do n't much cotton to " uppity " black like NE_person-0 , NE_person-1 and NE_person-2 confront racial discrimination and outright racism and leave the plantation of dependency on white liberal and achieve the great thing they be capable of .
gotta ' keep ' em in their place , you know .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 do women or black have to do with it .
NE_person-0 have a women secretary of state , and NE_person-1 do not represent black , so ENT_amr-unknown-0 be your beef ?
what amuse me about NE_person-0 be that she live in the NE_country-region-0 during the NE_event-0 , and that experience seem to have leave her untouched .
yet NE_person-0 mention that background as though she actually do anything beyond strive toward her own growth .
more power to her for her achievement .
but do n't be surprise if you 're not hear wild applause from her community , because i 'm not sure she have one...
assume she establish a credible name for herself as secretary of state , i be cautiously anticipate the NE_political-party-0 nominee in -CONST--0 to be NE_person-0 .
and yes , i think she can be elect easily assume that the NE_political-party-0 be allow something close to a level play field .
i think NE_person-0 against NE_person-1 or NE_person-2 in the last -CONST--0 election would have win by a landslide .
NE_country-0 , especially NE_political-party-0 NE_country-1 , have largely leave issue of racism and @/@ or stereotypical prejudice and bigotry well behind them .
any qualify person with charisma and a track record can compete with clout .
i keep hear that inflation be under control .
and i suppose it be if one do not need to put food on the table , buy gasoline , heat oil , electricity and many of the necessity of life .
from your prospective do you find inflation to be a non @-@ factor ?
did n't seem to have much effect on the last couple of yacht i buy .
now , i hear that high end house ( 1 1 @/@ 2 million +) be also hold the line in some area .
this whole economy seem to be based on the comfort level of the one referred to by NE_person-0 as his base .
lock up all scumbags .
lock 'm up .
make 'm work .
break up the gang .
if you get catch with meth , get to jail...
there be no unfortunate case .
you have dope its illegal , you know it be illegal before you have the dope .
and to whomever spoke of the innocence in prison , quit talk like that be the norm .
-CONST--0 %of inmate deserve to be there .
i will take those odds in NE_city-0 any day .
-CONST--0 pick NE_person-0 to be your vicepresident .
-CONST--0 read this if you do n't instantly see why... http : //www.time.com/time/nation/article/0,8599,1632736,00.html
he would ensure that moderate , libertarian , and technocrat sick of politics as usual would vote for you .
he be easily among the most competent politician we have .
he research and practice evidence based politics and thus virtually every policy he seek no matter how unpopular proved a success .
and he like you know how to balance budget without hurt the economy .
he can also pay for the election campaign .
i highly doubt that NE_person-0 be go to switch party .
he 's already an NE_political-party-0 ( switch from NE_political-party-1 ) .
but , offset NE_person-0 's " NE_country-region-0 elite " and " inexperienced " negative with NE_person-1 's " NE_country-region-1 elite " and " inexperienced " negative ? not so much .
personally i look upon this conflict as the source of -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 of NE_world-region-0 @-@ muslim 's confrontation ,
the NE_country-0 need and so support NE_country-1 want to stop attack on its citizen and so strike on palestinian target , which in turn result in more attack on israel , this increase the number of radical muslims too , which result in attack against america around the world( military target , embassy , and citizen ) result in american foriegn policy like the war on NE_country-2 and @/@ or NE_country-3 , and the circle continue , reaction to action result in reaction , this circle have no begin and no end
be not easy to solve , but if we try to and start by the issue at core( palestinian @-@ NE_country-0 conflict ) the rest can be handle ,
i want to start a thread here , that simulate peace negotiation between -CONST--0 side , palestinians ( me and who ever volunteer ) against NE_country-0 side ( i suppose volunteer wouldnot mind represent them and any one he choose )
each side be allow -CONST--0 post per day , then after every -CONST--1 post its discuss freely by all for -CONST--2 day , then each side make a post , as the palestinian side be the -CONST--3 with most demand let let them start( if its ok by all ) ,
i need ur ok guy and girl .
very true , the same people who say NE_person-0 violate NE_organization-0 resolution , seem to forget , NE_country-0 have be in violation of un resolution for ENT_temporal-quantity-0 .
give up hell , tell them to come get it ?
that go for isreal too , if NE_country-0 or NE_country-1 be anything worthwhile , isreal would n't of get what NE_country-2 do .
to the victor go the spoil .
glad i 've never back the NE_organization-0 .
NE_country-0 be NE_world-region-0 , civilize , the progenitor of the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 NE_religious-group-0 community , and face total annihilation every day of its life , thank to be surround by psycopathic state .
therefore.......we must back it . :headbang :
so you think if isreal stop retaliate , the attack would stop ?
no chance of that , they would chip at them untill they be extinct .
NE_person-0 go to the NE_conference-0 in NE_city-0 , and ask why none of them - who strongly support the NE_war-0 and the NE_war-1 - have bother to sign up and serve in the arm force .
unsurprisingly , there be plenty of excuse band about .
NE_political-party-0 get mad when the ' chickenhawk ' argument be bring up , and this be because it be damn effective .
they usually attempt to counter with some version of this line :
it be n't stupid , though .
there be a perceivable and significant differnce between those who discuss war , who think it be sometimes necessary , and who be willing to do what must be do for NE_country-0 safety ; and the war cheerleader .
the actively aggressive advocate of warfare as a solution to life 's problem .
those be the chickenhawks : the one who continually advocate the solve of our national foreign policy problem use arm force .
the one who suggest that the NE_country-0 be so strong , we can go it alone if we have to and we should n't be hold back from attack other country by little thing like , say , international convention .
they advocate use maximum force to win ; their problem with the war in NE_country-0 be that we be n't kill enough people over there , innocent include .
these people , who cheer on the death of others , who think that force be the best way to get what we want - but do n't sign up to serve themselves - be chickenhawks .
they be too cowardly to put their ass on the line , but continually advocate that others do so .
this topic be right on the money .
these leech and vulture be the one get rich off of the nation 's blood .
they stand safely back , say , " let 's you and them fight .
me ? i 'll cheer you on , while me and my friend get rich off your effort ."
there be a time when i strongly support the invasion of NE_country-0 , and it have nothing to do with present the good people of NE_country-1 with a democratic form of ENT_government-organization-0 .
oh , i also spend -CONST--0 year in the us NE_military-0 , from a ENT_temporal-quantity-0 when most of NE_military-1 have hear of NE_world-region-0 , through the period when just everybody could name each country in the region .
so , i 'm an oddball . s'okay .
yes , i would imagiane that NE_person-0 most likely did n't need the $ when he enlist but it be curious why NE_person-1 render the investigation of his death as a secret of national security .
the NE_country-0 be go to stab us in the back . if we do n't turn away from NE_country-1 and NE_country-2 to rebuild @/@ recover our strength . where they 're financially and militarily , bleed us to death .
fine , threaten to sell NE_product-0 equip ship to NE_country-0 if they do so .
if NE_country-0 be to do that , they would be cut their own throat .
the last thing that NE_country-0 want be a weak dollar because that would completely wipe out any chance of a trade surplus from their number -CONST--0 trade partner... the NE_country-1
a weak dollar mean lot and lot of close down factory in NE_country-0 because the NE_country-1 can n't afford their widgets and doohickies .
they will threaten , they will try to influence , but they won't ' drop the bomb ' unless they have a guarantee of some other country willing to buy several -CONST--0 dollar worth of junk -CONST--1 year .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 do you think the consequence would be ?
do you think the NE_person-0 could pull it off ?
if not , why ?
his approval rate cannot sink , so , ENT_amr-unknown-0 's the risk .
after all , he 's the decider , and NE_government-organization-0 hold his trousers while he skinny dip .
do NE_country-0 want us to lose this war and cut and run as NE_person-0 and NE_person-1 have impose upon our president ?
do NE_country-0 want us to have to fight our way back in in -CONST--0 ENT_temporal-quantity-0 or -CONST--1 year with a death toll in multiple of -CONST--2 over a radically less period of time ?
also if we pull out of NE_country-0 and go into NE_country-region-0 what will be the justification for join that war , wmd ?
NE_person-0 and NE_person-1 tell the ENT_government-organization-0 not to fight NE_country-0 's war be like congress and the senate tell the government not to fight racism and the NE_organization-0 a few decade back .
these cowardly democrat be bargain that NE_country-0 will be stupid and not realize the deep war that will have to be re @-@ fought in only a few short year .
NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 will be the next war along with NE_person-0 if we do not create a successful democracy in NE_country-2 .
the power vacuum will in NE_country-0 pull NE_country-1 and NE_country-2 and possibly the whole NE_world-region-0 even NE_country-3 into an allied front against NE_country-4 .
this my friend be NE_incident-0 .
NE_person-0 and NE_person-1 have be tell this i be sure but they simply do n't care .
win election trump all other concerns...
do we really want these people set public policy ?
why not leave and let the NE_country-0 fight the war ?
answer : if the most powerful army be already struggle in this war ENT_amr-unknown-0 will it be like ENT_amr-unknown-1 we pull out and come back in -CONST--0 month to -CONST--1 year ?
NE_person-0 and NE_person-1 stop try to shove -CONST--0 partisan politics at our president over the general " sound " military policy .
listen to your bribe bibber NE_person-0 instead of our generals...
-CONST--0 friggin ' year of this crap be enough ! !!
if we pull out now the disaster will be on your head just in time for election...
the blood of freedom be at stake and the very people who claim to value it be now our own worst enemy .
the new democratic NE_organization-0 sell our freedom and dignity simply for power .
do NE_country-0 look to genius such as yourself for analysis ?
. now i know you be just kid , that attitude be just whacky otherwise .
there be ton of example in history of ill advise " proactive " war , and most of these be eventually lose by the aggressor
also , NE_person-0 , try to be civilize and dont resort to childish name call .
its usually a sign of an inability to craft an argument solely based upon the issue at hand .
just because you feel passionately about this doesnt automatically mean that others will embrace your opinion .
oh yeh , and , if you call me a coward again , ill come up there to NE_city-0 , hunt you down , and buy you a drink first .
i 'm think NE_person-0 mean what he say .
the day it become truly cowardly of one to suggest an end to mindless mayhem be the day i want to float off this planet .
NE_person-0 , you know its a cynical attempt at " spin " by the rapidly sink NE_ship-0 .
his " handler " be try to cover ytracks and leave a legacy that be goona leve his presidency up there with NE_person-0 or NE_person-1 .
( oy , theres a comparison , NE_person-0 , i believe start the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 of the ' proactive war " against the NE_religious-group-0 ) ,
people like you have do more to screw this country up than " the democrat " could ever have hope to do .
you repeatedly vote for and support a president and an ENT_government-organization-0 who be clearly and obviously incompetent and ideologically extreme .
this be evident from campaign through the early year of governance .
you think that NE_country-0 mean red , white , and blue and war and think nothing of shred the constitution on the way to more blood and glory .
and you dare to presume that you be somehow the " real NE_country-0 " and the rest of us , those of us who actually know what the constitution say and know what this ignoramus be try to do to it , be somehow go to destroy " your " country .
you wave your flag and trust an ignorant incompetent who can n't even run this country to somehow rebuild another , one that he do n't even begin to understand and have never be to .
you trust an idiot .
you think the answer to incompetence and mismanagement be faith .
you and your brethren , the NE_person-0 die @-@ hards , have send this country in a death spiral .
and sadly , the only people we can have any hope of pull us out be the " other party ".
a party that already be wane in respect due to corruption and its willingness to take some fundamental social justice concept too far be now support by a majority of the public , and the beloved party of small ENT_government-organization-0 and individual liberty be now a hulking rusty heap of corruption , scandal , incompetence , special interest , big ENT_government-organization-1 , and domestic spy .
maybe i be , and maybe i 'm say that you 're an idiot .
hard to say exactly . :wink :
you mean NE_person-0 and his sidekick " toady " be NE_person-1 , who be actually beat up by NE_person-2 .
i need to set these thing correct so that the record will be clear testimonyat NE_person-0 's sanity hear .
i be a conservative , and you be an idiot .
you said..
most christions i know will not bow to another god , no matter who that god be .
thats why so many NE_religious-group-0 be kill by the ancient NE_country-0 , they refuse to bow down .
also , to use an old cliche..." i would rather die on my feet then live on my knee "
i be read in the paper today about all the law under consideration that would make it harder for NE_country-0 to vote when -CONST--0 suddenly flash on all the purple finger NE_country-1 voter that be so celebrate in our press only a few short year ago .
i think i must be miss something because i 'm really confuse by this .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 would any state do anything that would make it harder for it 's citizen to vote ?
-CONST--0 can someone explain this to me ?
that 's pretty easy .
conseratives figure ( and probably with justification ) that their voter base will get out and vote without regard for any minor hurdle which might be throw in their way .
they rely on older citizen and more affluent citizen .
anything which make vote more difficult they figure will reduce the number of voter go to the poll to vote for NE_political-party-0 .
i do n't have a problem with the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 -CONST--0 - provide that they make available photo ids at no cost to people with limited income and allow clear instruction and make it easy to obtain ( in other word - there be many location to obtain and enough hour that be vary enough to get these ids ) .
i support have ids to limit voter fraud , but you cannot make it difficult and it should be economically feasible for all to get an id .
i mean if you make the extra effort to go out and vote - it should n't be much more a burden to get an id .
the NE_political-party-0 must return to their progressive program , and must spend the resource necessary to remind the people that the NE_political-party-1 , the right wing , the NE_organization-0 be just plain wrong on the issue .
hopefully the NE_state-0 loss have make NE_person-0 go back on the progressive track .
what be interesting about the -CONST--0 party system be the people never actually vote for a party .
they always vote against the other one .
the net result be the people be misrepresent -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 of the time - but amazingly they be so dumb they can n't figure it out .
we ask you : to save money , should local ENT_government-organization-0 use nonviolent inmate for physical labor ?
that be the question in the other day 's opinion section of my my local newspaper .
yes : -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 no : -CONST--1 ENT_percentage-entity-1
so my qestion be this , should gov't turn to slave to save money ?
@david NE_person-0 , depending on country it be already do .
hard labour , chaingangs , prison farm voluntary work while incarcerate get minimal pay etc
the option as voluntary will at least not require quota and enforcement through violent means( beating ) or witholding of priveledges like food , bedding( yes bed ) or outdoor sunlight and isolation.( legislativ brutality encouragement )
the question be ENT_amr-unknown-0 kind of work be beneficial in a crime and punishment relate way .
some experiements be already implement in disaster relief bushfires/floods , comunity work as replacement for incarceration.( anti social behaviour treatment )
it really depends on the moral standard of the nation in question .
force labour in NE_continent-0 compare to NE_continent-1 or NE_continent-2 be implement differently
have'nt goverments @/@ corporation turn their populus trough a monetary reward @/@ tax system into work slave anyway ?
ENT_amr-unknown-0 's your thought on this ?
i mean , the guy be -CONST--0 year old .
be it really necessary after all these year ?
he 's be here since -CONST--0 and never do a thing to any one .
be a nazi be what be expect of germans back then .
you and i , have we live there during that time , would probably have be in the same boat .
the head of the NE_organization-0 be name -CONST--0 , ENT_amr-unknown-0 do you expect ?
while i disagree with you that we 'd all be nazis , it be over -CONST--0 year ago , and the man have obviously reform .
expel him be a political move to strengthen the zionist stance through a reminder of the holocaust , and serve as a talk point for the anti @-@ NE_person-0 crowd .
so i be discuss that new tv show on NE_publication-0 , NE_broadcast-program-0 , with my grandfather .
he make a comment that be interest , he say , " that show be just the liberal media try to get us use to the idea of a woman president for when NE_person-0 run ."
now , my grandfather be one of those old , cynical guy that think that every sport game that do n't go his way be fix , and be a tad racest , however , i find the statement intrigueing and make me wonder .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 be your guy ' opinion ?
i 've definitely hear that argument before , and i refuse to watch the dang show .
ok so i live in NE_state-0 and maryjane be just legalize in our state .
well all know why a state would legalize it , but do you really think that it can help somebody ? if so ENT_amr-unknown-0 ?
think of any other drug that you feel may help someone .
think of this . when i be do crystal , i be in school .
-CONST--0 never miss -CONST--1 day of school .
when i go to my class tweak , i pay more attention to what be go on in class .
i go home do all of my homework .
i remember lookin at -CONST--0 of my report card before -CONST--1 start use and my grade be either all d 's or d 's and f 's .
then i look at a report card that i get that have all a 's on it .
i be soo high on crystal that semester that i do not even remember most what happen at school or at home .
so i ask do you think drug can be good for some people ?
i know that no matter what no drug be good for anyone .
this do n't mean that i would go back and change thing if i could , because i really do not want to .
i be just wonder how other people feel about this .
@secondchance , i think that drug can have positive but i think that they 'll rarely come without negative and whether or not it 's a net positive be hard for anyone to tell , most of all the user .
@secondchance , it be possible to self medicate to a positive outcome . responsible use be require .
for instance a couple of generation of artist have widely use drug , convince that the change in consciousness be of great help to their work .
we modern have no doubt but that it be a good idea to drug people up on NE_product-0 and anti anxiety drug and antidepressants , this highly drug society have no basis to complain about wee and coke .
meth though mess people up big time , so i do n't see a lot of upside to that .
yes , and i 'm one of them .
my life would be impoverish without my ENT_temporal-quantity-0 glass of wine .
i quite enjoy the few joint i have try .
and sometime , when i 'm in a better general mood than i be right now , i 'd like to try lsd or -CONST--0 of its relative , maybe magic mushroom .
to me , consume drug be a matter of moderation , not abstinence .
my wife have constant ring in her ear : noise , a " whooshing " as she describe .
any idea ? thank
@robc , that 's tinnitus .
she should see an otorhinolaryngologist ( ear specialist ; ear , nose and throat specialist ) as , if this be recent , there may be thing they can do .
i just watch the most fascinate , inspire , and yet heartbreaking NE_documentary-0 .
obesity be reach epidemic proportion in the world today .
be there a fat gene ?
science seem to think there be .
many people feel hungry every minute they be awake and fight the fact they know they be literally kill themselves with every bite they take .
-CONST--0 man in the documentary lost -CONST--1 pound !
yet , when he reach -CONST--0 pound he celebrate by have a hot dog , which turn into -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 , etc.
he now be morbidly obese again and be n't ready to go back into rehab at a center that have great success in help these people .
when i be younger i could eat virtually anything and not gain weight .
i 'm almost -CONST--0 and it 's not quite that easy for me to keep my weight to what be comfortable for me .
i be able to do it , but watch this video scare me . -CONST--0 woman in the video be actually -CONST--1 feet wide when she get help .
i have see show on tv where -CONST--0 year old children weigh nearly -CONST--1 pound all because their parent want to appease the child and stop their fuss .
do anyone out there have a big problem with their weight ?
ENT_amr-unknown-0 do you combat it ?
be food an addiction ?
be over @-@ eat a disease like drug addiction or alcoholism ?
now , that 's a link ! lol
i think the problem and cure be psychological . they should spend more time on the psycology of it couple with the surgery .
oh , now there get into that part .
i watch that documentary on NE_person-0 a while back....too bad he 's gain some weight back .
but there 's always hope he 'll get back on track .
besides the obvious medical issue with him , i be disturb by the co @-@ dependant relationship with his wife .
at his worst , he weigh -CONST--0 pound .
he be unable to even roll over in bed , let alone get to the refrigerator or supermarket....
he could n't even get to a phone or a computer to order food if you put it -CONST--0 feet away from him .
so....who be feed his all that crap ?
ENT_amr-unknown-0 be bring it to him ?
she feel she 's show love by bring him to death door because he ask for ( or begged or rant ) for food .
and not just food....garbage .
i understand love for your spouse , but theirs be not a healthy relationship .
also , in the video , after he have get under -CONST--0 pound , NE_person-0 say " i avoid food with a lot of fat and sodium "....as he be snack on individual size bag on salt nut and potato chip .
in the scene before that ( after his gastic bypass and much weight loss ) , the wife bring him dinner....kentucky NE_company-0 .
" oh ", she say , " here 's your protein ", as she wave an extra crispy drumstick at him .
my husband love egg sald .
when i make it , -CONST--0 through out -CONST--1 out of the -CONST--2 yolk , and mix in -CONST--3 pound of tofu....he never know the difference .
( btw , he 's very thin , but have a heart condition ) .
wifey could maybe take some lesson from me .
doctor have tell me i have a full thickness rotator cuff tear and must have surgery or my shoulder will freeze .
look for information from anyone who have have it or with someone recuperate .
i have hear the recovery be brutally painful .
any tip , suggestion , etc. , about what to expect during ENT_ordinal-entity-0 few day , how to manage , sleep , any info .
i have it do -CONST--0 year ago at NE_facility-0 .
i have suffer low grade " bursitis " in -CONST--0 shoulder for many year ( probably a worn rotator cuff ) , until one day while work out -CONST--1 get a real , full tear .
lot of serious pain with some movement or any strenuous exertion .
my surgery be successful , but it take me several month to regain my range of motion in the shoulder .
i learn that the post op therapy be probably more critical than the surgery itself .
i be determine to restore the range of motion and to return to my old exercise routine , so i in effect take charge of the rehab program and make it clear to the therapist the orthopedic surgeon that i would n't accept less .
in retrospect i believe this be the critical thing , in that the docs . and the therapist take their cue from the patient -- if you passively accept less than full recovery , they will let you go .
if you be determine to go on , they will help .
i have full use of the shoulder and no more pain .
i would do it again .
i hope this be helpful and wish you good luck !
i 'm under erratic , severe stress in my personal life and my colorful , efficient adrenalin gland be play merry hell with my blood pressure .
i 'm hope to avoid drug by lose weight and learn serenity , but meanwhile i 'm suppose to monitor my blood pressure at home .
once upon a time i have a jim @-@ dandy wrist unit that work perfectly .
then after -CONST--0 year of faithful service , it up and die .
now the wrist unit at the local drugstore come with a read @-@ outbox that be too wide for my 5 1 @/@ 2 inch wrist .
i 've also try the wrap @-@ the @-@ upper arm monitor .
these only work about -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 of the time and deal with them send my blood pressure up to new height .
also , because of a lumpectomy i can only use my left arm for b.p. reading .
i 'm leave hand , but be make progress in non @-@ dominent @-@ hand dexterity .
can anyone recommend a no @-@ hassle , NE_thing-0 @-@ friendly home blood pressure monitor that will work around bird bone ?
NE_person-0 , from your post i assume you have not check on the model currently on the market .
most company have fully automatic model that do n't require adjust it to your arm with every use .
you adjust it -CONST--0 to fit your arm ( you can do this with it off your arm ; it might take -CONST--1 try ) and that 's that .
slip it on your arm . press a button and in less than -CONST--0 minute read your b.p. and heart rate .
i 've have an NE_company-0 for -CONST--0 year and have never have a problem .
i think it cost in the vicinity of $ 50-$ -CONST--0 .
you can get them a bit cheap if you be willing to pump it up yourself .
the semi @-@ automatic that i have do the pump for you .
as i sit here foggy head and let face it with most of the symptom of hypoglycemia i think i should do something about it .
im try to start to eat healthily , slowly but surely , which mean cut out process food and eat more natural thing .
a good start to begin with but not necessarily deal with hypoglycemia .
it say give up thing like caffiene , tobacco , thing i dont consume anyway , it say give up wheat , which be bread , which i tend to eat alot of .
i assume we all do , it kind of house all the other ingredient we need like in sandwich or wrap , pizza .
basically do anybody have any advice on what to eat or recomend a good book ?
search out a glycemia index , and determine something both edible and low on the list .
add that to your diet , to avoid get into hypoglycemia .
if it happen anyway , skim ( non fat ) milk will raise the blood sugar about as fast as anything .
indulge in a light bedtime snack , again , something fairly low on the list .
do n't overdo it , though .
i have not yet be diagnose but i be begin to suspect hypoglycemia @/@ low blood sugar .
lately i have be very confuse , have anxiety , dizziness , fatigue , weak , depress , and generally low .
i know i need to gain more weight - i lose about -CONST--0 pound suddenly about -CONST--1 month ago and have n't be able to gain it back .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 do a doctor diagnose someone with this ?
ENT_amr-unknown-0 test should i have them run ?
i have be read about NE_vaccine-0 , the new flu vaccine that be administer intranasally .
-CONST--0 thing that i notice , be that it be market as suitable for people age -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2 .
i have not see any material as to why the 50+ population be unsuitable for this vaccine .
anybody know why ?
well , accord to that NE_organization-0 link children between -CONST--0 and -CONST--1 be the most likely to actually get the flu itself and it look like that be the intend target age group for the development of NE_product-0 .
they note that it be -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 effective in prevent people in that range from get the flu at all but people in the -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2 range only have lessen symptom .
it seem the older the patient the less effective the drug .
it be inconceivable that you take a multivitamin in good faith and it wreck havoc on your health in such a profound way but that be the case .
i " be " take a NE_multivitamin-0 -CONST--0 day as suggest on the back label and -CONST--1 be wake up with dry mouth so sever -CONST--2 could not even swallow .
my skin be get scaly , my eye burn and my feet be so dry they begin to develop callus and crack .
i stop my vitamin and it be now go .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 be up NE_product-0 ?
it be not just NE_product-0 but any type of multivitamin cause this .
if you search the internet for " dry mouth and multivitamin " you get this idiot name " NE_idiot-0 " on NE_publication-0 that reply that it be " not likely " that a multivitamin be cause this dryness of nearly every cell in the body .
sorry to say NE_person-0 whoever you be but you be wrong...
if you do n't know what you be talk about you should n't be doling out incorrect information in an online medical forum .
my sister be a nurse at a veteran hospital and she complain to her doctor that she be get dry mouth .
he tell her that it be her multivitamin and she cut down her intake of the multivitamin and her dry mouth left completely .
a friend of mine who take many medication for his heart just come up to me and tell me he be get terrible dry mouth at night and reduce his multivitamin to only a few ENT_temporal-quantity-0 -CONST--0 week and now no more dry mouth .
in other word if you follow the direction on the back label of your vitamin they will start slowly kill you .
do n't expect NE_doctor-0 m.d.to help you either .
he basically dismiss this elderly person claim then try to get her to take corrective medication .
how typical...
i get dry mouth too plus -CONST--0 skin get dry and scaly and when i stop my multivitamin it immediately go away .
now this be -CONST--0 completely unrelated people all come to the exact same conclusion .
not only can we not trust the general consensus on the internet but we cannot trust people who have phd credentials give their advice online .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 do we have to dry up and die before we finally figure out what ail us ?
when my sister tell this to me i do not really give it much think .
then i permanently lose -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 of my eyesight due to dry eye .
then my mouth chronically become dry , skin keep pile up on my feet that i could n't sand it off fast enough to keep up with it , the skin on my hand become scaly and my lip keep crack and my tongue feel like it have pin and needle poke into it .
i stop the multivitamin and my mouth symptom be go , sadly my eyesight be still damage .
i should have just listen to my sister rather than err , NE_person-0
my doctor be even prescribe fish oil supplement to correct the dry skin problem which could not even put a dent in the problem be cause by my multivitamin .
i do n't consume a lot of salt in my diet and i be on no other medication or drug whatsoever .
if you be experience dry mouth and take a multivitamin stop the vitamin immediately before you ruin your health irreversibly .
take it only a few ENT_temporal-quantity-0 -CONST--0 week , if that , and you will realize the vitamin cause this .
i be also tell by a pharmacist that other than the antioxidants , a person get what they need from their diet of most mineral and do not require a multivitamin at all .
so a strictly antioxidant formula be all that be require minus the multivitamin mineral .
-CONST--0 weigh in on this , sorry i be upset about this but i be also trouble now by internet advice that be clearly wrong about this issue and no tell how many others .
tinnitus , vision loss , global cellular degeneration , moisture loss , and even constipation be all cause by general use of multivitamins .
also if you be feed your children multivitamins you should be highly cautious of this too .
even child should only be give a multivitamin a few ENT_temporal-quantity-0 -CONST--0 week and not every day .
they should be explain the danger of regular use of vitamin ( in other word follow the prescribed dosage ) .
take it from me who have experience this first hand , my sister who be a nurse , my friend take many meds whose dry mouth stop the very day he cut down on his multivitamin and l.f who be incorrectly advise by , err , NE_person-0 .
it be a sad commentary that people have to collectively learn this on their own and that doctor , health specialist and the internet be so out of the loop .
consider that vitamin water and health food drink on top of a multivitamin only compound this problem .
i forget what my sister say be cause this , i seem to recall zinc , but i may be wrong about that .
i have to ask her again .
consider if it be visibly destroy your skin it be also destroy your major organ too .
-CONST--0 comment and offer any further advice on this subject .
i just start on a new kind of multivitamin and my body 's be all kind of crazy .
i use to just take specific vitamin but that get expensive and elaborate and i be miss some thing so i switch to a multi .
the multi have calcium and i know from previous experience that calcium tear my stomach up .
i 'm get older and i know that i need some calcium though .
i do n't have dry mouth but i agree that multivitamins can have unintended consequence .
i have be take high potency multivitamins for almost -CONST--0 year .
i have not know any side effect .
-CONST--0 thing , though be to not have certain food too close to the time of the take , because certain -CONST--1 can interact .
for instance , -CONST--0 be take something now that advise to not take regular vitamin c for -CONST--1 hour on either side of take that product .
it suggest discontinue the -CONST--0 hour release of vitamin c for as long as that product be be use .
i have to constantly make such comparison to make sure it all work .
i be on very high dose vitamin c , besides my NE_product-0 , that be very concentrate compare top wimpy NE_product-1 .
i never have dry mouth until this high dose of c , so i be assume it be the c.
i use it as an antihistamine to control my NE_disease-0 .
i have overactive mast cell that start pull water into my gut when i run out of c and magnesium ( this i think be cause by take a round of vaccine in -CONST--0 , and the study i find online confirm that mercury in the adjuvants often do cause increase histamine production ) .
so -CONST--0 be on -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2 mg of c 4x ENT_temporal-quantity-0 and -CONST--3 @-@ -CONST--4 mg magnesium -CONST--5 x ENT_temporal-quantity-1 .
this be a lot , but i have learn it do control my bowel .
the normal person would get colon blow from these dose , and it firm me up to normal .
this be ultimately an adrenal issue , as the adrenals be throw out huge amount of electrolyte and i be sure other stuff , so until i realize this i be in constant loose bowel lose my nutrient .
but it have cause dry mouth .
i do n't think it be as bad as some i have read here .
there be some archaelogists who believe that -CONST--0 site in NE_country-0 could be the world 's early city .
NE_city-0 and NE_city-1 in the ne of NE_country-0 may have exist back in 3700bc .
seem plausible .
NE_city-0 be generally consider to be the oldest continuously inhabit city in the world .
it 's mention by name in NE_book-0 as a place where NE_person-0 stop on his way to NE_world-region-0 from NE_city-0 ( in modern @-@ day NE_country-0 ) .
accord to this , NE_country-0 citizen can now be arrest and detain indefinitely without trial .
do that mean that anyone can be take and put into a hole forever without justification ?
if so , i think it 's scary .
but ENT_amr-unknown-0 decide that the person be actually a member of or work for NE_criminal-organization-0 ?
ENT_amr-unknown-0 court can review that decision ?
well , the verdict just come in .
guilty of involuntary manslaughter .
the judge would not let him be release until sentence either .
the judge say his behavior be wreckless and the community could be in harm 's way . ( not his exact word ) .
i be glad he be lose his license .
no matter ENT_amr-unknown-0 , he never should have give NE_person-0 that propofol .
the man practiced here for many year .
the local tv news be run nothing but outrage over the conviction .
not -CONST--0 word in favor of it .
the local NE_channel-0 feature a legal expert who deride the trial , call it a travesty , make doctor afraid to treat patient and so forth .
he seem to think a " proper " court would have let NE_person-0 go free .
an increase proportion of NE_country-0 children be so severely obese as to be at immediate risk for life @-@ threaten complication include NE_disease-0 .
some will become candidate for treatment at newly establish pediatric surgical weight loss programs throughout the country .
as an alternative approach , involvement of state protective service might be consider , include placement into foster care in carefully select situation .
ultimately , ENT_government-organization-0 can reduce the need for such intervention through investment in the social infrastructure and policy to improve diet and promote physical activity among children .
severe obesity in children -- be that a form of child abuse ?
should the state step in and save these kid from their parent ?
david... NE_person-0 're so not look at the big picture .
if this current trend continue , a whole generation or -CONST--0 will be lose .
consider that we be globally compete against NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 who so far do n't suffer this epidemic , we will fall farther behind in almost every aspect .
these next generation will become a major burden on our health care system .
prevention be need now not later when it will much likely not work .
cheap to fix it now then to let it cripple the entire economy at a later date .
i live in NE_state-0 and i sign an affiliation agreement 12 @/@ -CONST--0 which state that i be to pay a ENT_temporal-quantity-0 fee to the owner .
the owner say " not " to pay until my business have pick up .
although my business be struggle , i have try several time to start pay this fee .
each time the owner say " no " do n't worry about .
we have now part way , for both personal and professional reason , and now they be take me to small claim court for the affiliation fee they say i do n't have to pay plus their legal fee ( i be be bully ) .
have anyone dealt with a situation like this ?
i think a verbal agreement would override a write agreement , but be that hard to prove ?
i mean obviously the proof be that they be sue me for back fee that i have not be pay because business have be slow .
-CONST--0 , help or share your story .
it sound like there be more than what you have post .
did you break a lease or agreement with them ?
leave early ?
it sound like they be waive certain fee , with the understand that you be go to stay for the long haul .
if you leave early , then they now want all their fee .
a write agreement trump a verbal agreement .
a write agreement be hard proof .
without that it 's your word against their word .
you should have put the money be escrow if you feel uncomfortable with the arrangement .
my newspaper have an article today on animal hoarder , list some signifigant recent case :
-CONST--0 woman live on an old school bus with -CONST--1 dog , -CONST--2 cat and -CONST--3 chicken .
-CONST--0 man have -CONST--1 dog .
another have -CONST--0 cat .
-CONST--0 week ago , animal service confiscate -CONST--1 cat live with a man in a van .
most hoarder live in unimaginable filth .
( i do n't want to post the photo because they be really gross.)
most of these people be charge with animal abuse and neglect and they be fine and jail .
do you think these people be criminal ?
i watch NE_publication-0 ( way too late at night this weekend ) and see a NE_broadcast-program-0 .
they bust a hoarder with -CONST--0 dog and confiscate -CONST--1 of them ( i think legally in fla you can have 4 ) .
the dog be in such bad shape , some could n't walk because their nail be so long , most be flea infest and have be sleep in their own feces .
there be -CONST--0 set of puppy in the house and as they pan around the house , it appear that there be at least -CONST--1 other set of puppy in the make .
the woman be not prosecute as long as she be willing to give up the amount need to take her back to the legal limit .
and they check up on her after that .
apparently the media run a story about it and over -CONST--0 dog be adopt the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 day they be available .
i go for mentally ill as well , but like NE_person-0 say , sometimes the only way to get them treatment be to prosecute .
they just tell this woman they would keep check up on her ( randomly so she could n't hide pet like she be when they be round them up ) and as long as she have only 4 , she be fine .
that seem reasonable to me since no dog be dead , no dog be starve , they just need more attention .
it be a much better story than the dog chain to a tree for -CONST--0 week in NE_state-0 heat that finally succumbed...made me cry .
now those people should be tie to a tree with no food and water and see how they do...
we have our own local " cat lady " who make the newspaper headline a couple of decade ago .
she live in a filthy , almost uninhabitable house surround by cat , cat , cat .
many people try to help her , but she make it impossible for anyone to give her effective assistance even in the face of have her home condemn .
and that 's what eventually happen .
her house be declare a public nuisance and the city tore it down .
i 'm pretty sure this old lady have more than just a few screw loose .
-CONST--0 see her many year ago at a local supermarket .
she be wear a drab winter coat and a large colorful scarf around her head with her unkempt gray wig hair stick out .
she be slump against a wall and the store personnel have call an ambulance .
it be a pathetic sight .
i think it be a kind of depression myself , where one let go of a lot of effort to keep up with ENT_temporal-quantity-0 life except to ' care ' for animal , and then be overwhelm but see no way out of it - except that they do , i gather , start again .
a kind of compulsion .
not that i do n't want them stop .
be this a kind of ocd ? a pre @-@ alzheimers ?
there be something to be say for humane institutional care , and i be not talk about the dog .
tricky subject , on which i can see several side .
please - this be not a thread about the case , as such , i find those thread concern - but about some of the difference between the NE_country-0 , and some other country ' practice - and their effect .
for instance : i ) in NE_country-0 , and , i NE_country-1 at the very least , the name of a juvenile involve in a criminal matter be not reveal , whether they be allege victim , or allege perpetrator , except in very special circumstance
( eg they have be kidnap , and police seek public help to find them - or they have be murder - or if they be allege to have commit a very serious crime and be be try as adult , or if it be in some way in the public interest.)
to these non @-@ NE_country-0 eye , it be very shock to see the name and photograph of the young man allege to have be abuse by NE_person-0 splash all over the media -
here , juvenile be protect to the point that , on the few occasion i have accompany a minor who be rape or sexually abuse to court , while she @/@ he give testimony - if the offender ( these be case where , oddly , a conviction be obtain , so i do not say " allege " offender ) be also a minor , it be a big deal to be allow in to be a support person for the victim , because i would hear the name of the -CONST--0 .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 do people think of the NE_country-0 practice ?
ENT_amr-unknown-0 be the reason for it ?
ENT_amr-unknown-0 would you prefer ?
ENT_amr-unknown-0 do you think be the impact on young people so identified ?
ii ) the media circus .
here , both defence and prosecution be very limit as to what they can say about a case that be before the court . the matter be consider sub judice .
occasionally , with high profile case , the police will " leak " thing - and @/@ or the media will attempt , within the letter of the law , to try a case in the media ( the NE_person-0 case be a terrible example of both these occurrence ) -
but the organised propaganda campaign that i think i detect in the NE_country-0 be not generally present .
full detail be generally releasable only after the trial .
again , the spectacle be very shock to these non @-@ NE_country-0 eye .
i presume it be allow because of an interpretation of free speech ?
do people think it aid justice ? that it be societally positive ? ENT_amr-unknown-0 do you think ?
iii ) this be unrelated - but , do people think this be go to be another black v white case , and do you think that high profile non @-@ NE_ethnic-group-0 people still - despite their wealth and power - be unfairly treat in the NE_country-0 justice system ?
i would think that , similarly to here , that poor and obscure people of colour would tend to be - but i be interested in view re people who have achievedfame and fortune .
judge the NE_country-0 legal system based on what go on in , say , the NE_person-0 case be probably a bad idea .
i 've serve on jury duty several time and come away highly impress with how seriously everybody take their various responsibility .
a case like NE_person-0 's , alas , or the NE_person-1 case betray many standard .
the media have some role in this , as do glory @-@ hound attorney on both side .
i 'm sure , for example , that a minor 's name should never be publicize in a case like this .
i 'm try to pay as little attention to this case as possible , because i think it 's more a freak show than anything else .
-CONST--0 do n't judge our system on the basis of the NE_person-0 trial !
we have very strict publication ban around identity of abuse minor in NE_country-0 .
the person charge often cannot be identify , as their name , and the detail of the relationship to the child , would mean the child could possibly be identify .
sleep next to the elephant mean we 've probably become a bit jaded to the circus . but the law be much tighter here .
i would be extraordinarily happy not to make such a judgment , NE_person-0 ! !!! but - it be allow to happen !
would the name of the child , for instance , normally be suppress ?
ENT_amr-unknown-0 often do case become media circus ?
i guess what i be get at be the different law on such matters...
interest to have such difference in the system of country that grew so similarly , NE_person-0 .
we seem much more like you guy - but , -CONST--0 suppose , the NE_country-0 invent its law after a revolution - we inherit them after century of slow evolution with no cataclysm , and make change slowly .
i think but i 'm not completely sure if you can print any name of a sexual abuse victim in NE_country-0 without the express permission of the victim .
you cannot print the name of any minor whether the victim or perpetrator of any crime , except in very special @/@ rare circumstance where a minor be at large and a suspected danger to the community or themselves .
a court order be need in these case and once the minor be apprehend the name and or picture must not be print again , ever .
news outlet be rarely allow to print anything specific in these case as well .
in case of family abuse the name be rarely print , if ever , in order to protect the victim .
i have no idea the victim in the NE_person-0 case be publicize .
i have see picture of his previous victim which i though be pretty appal but generally the face have be smudge out .
what i hope will happen here be that people will come along to present the case for allow the name to be make public , because it be incomprehensible to me -
but there must be reason for the NE_country-0 system to be the way it be on these matter .
it be n't as though people in the NE_country-0 be not interested in and critical of their own system - gotta be a reason...
i think they be get ready to bring the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 miner up .
over -CONST--0 feet up , in a little tube , through a little tunnel .
on NE_publication-0 i see a picture -CONST--0 show of the face of the miner , and i see at least a couple guy that look way too big to fit in that thing .
i guess they 'll be suck in their gut .
wow , -CONST--0 day .
that 's like a full season of NE_broadcast-program-0 .
i guess the whole rescue be suppose to take about -CONST--0 day , if their estimate be correct and nothing go wrong .
and the whole thing will be watch live all over the world .
here 's a place where there be some livestreams if you want to check it out .
NE_country-0 could learn a lot from the NE_country-1 people as the -CONST--0 miner be rescue .
they come together to support and save the miner ' life .
so much better than the political party fight go on over the come election in the NE_country-0
i have a question .
the last man , one of the rescuer , must be able to lock the rescue tube 's door correctly from the inside ?
i can understand how he could hook up the oxygen pack and other devise , but i can n't figure out how he can lock the door so it do n't come loose if no one be there to do it from the outside .
he will have to hold it shut with a handle or maybe a bungee cord hold on the inside .
good question .
look like these guy be gonna get out in time to do their NE_festival-0 shop
i be sorry ; but i think chili be part of america...
-CONST--0 of them at least...
they come in -CONST--0 's you know...inner NE_province-0 , and NE_province-1 mongolia...that sort of thing...
in any event , i do not know the answer to your question...
it would seem that for most door , there be a handle on the inside and the outside...
just like hammer have claw so you can go both way with a nail...
speak from experience , it be damn difficult some time not have reverse on a motor cycle...
you can n't stop ride without think about ride later...
here i be , and ENT_amr-unknown-0 do i get out..
i 'm watch on the telly yet another shooter ( NE_city-0 fla ) news say -CONST--0 victim take to hospital .
you know what NE_person-0 be go to tell you in a few minute : if the others have gun to protect themselves , they all would be dead by now .
that 's how gun logic work , my dear dys .
guess all the gun crazy psychotic be flip out of the woodwork .
yeah , and then i 'm a gun owner .
and your """" enlighten """" solution be ?
my " enlighten " solution be for everyone to determine who might become a potential shooter and kill them before they be able to harm anyone .
do my sarcasm equate adequately to yours ?
i 'm talk specifically about the show of the content of the package that he send to NE_publication-0 .
i realize that this stuff will probably come out anyway , and that the public really really want to see ENT_amr-unknown-0 be in that package , but be n't it also in a way glorify @/@ validate the guy 's action and give him exactly what he want ?
for instance , the image of him point a gun at the camera be on just about every news site i see online , and the video clip of his rantings be start to show up everywhere as well . and his write .
i realize how fascinate it be to try to get inside this nutball 's head , but be there any way to put the news out there about him without give him rock star status ?
be it even possible ?
i wonder how long until this stuff show up on -CONST--0 or -CONST--1 of those other disgust site .
i think there can be detail ( ENT_amr-unknown-0 happen ENT_amr-unknown-1 , ENT_amr-unknown-2 try to do ENT_amr-unknown-3 , etc.) without spread his own propaganda . because that 's ENT_amr-unknown-4 it be .
he stage @-@ manage this -- he want the badass stuff out there , he want that last image .
just show a small picture of who he be , the original one be fine .
the rest be unnecessary , and article NE_person-0 and NE_person-1 have link to argue convincingly that the propaganda be downright dangerous .
the NE_country-0 public have reach the point in our culture , that the news that get the most coverage be the news that play to the lowest common denominator amongst us .
think about it . for week , there be NE_person-0 and the baby . then it be NE_person-1 . now all we hear about be that murderous nutjob who act on his sick delusion .
it be like the newspaper and tv want to beat out the supermarket rag . ugh !
i 've be enjoy the NE_newspaper-0 blog , primarily by NE_person-0 , who i 'm use to read when he write about art.
but he 's join by several other good writer who be apparently hang around the NE_game-0 type away as they feel like it .
i like all the different viewpoint .
have always like NE_person-0 's write , but can n't read him in the paper lately because he 's now in the NE_newspaper-0 select group that you have to pay for to get access to , even on the day of the article .
my favorite writer on the blog be NE_person-0 , he seem to have my eye , if i have his .
i 'm enjoy the play by play , as it be , so much that i want to see if i can go back and read the blog on the NE_game-0 .
probably not , as so much time have pass .
anybody on NE_publication-0 follow this ?
go to the match ?
i do follow international tennis -- -CONST--0 of the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 thing i want to glance over on the morning newspaper .
not go to the match , though ?
well , so be you follow the NE_game-0 ( -CONST--0 : //www.usopen.org/)?
who be your fave player ?
yeah , she sure be a tennis prodigy .
she 's always lack the killer serve that be a key to today 's power game , though .
if she do n't have it in her heyday , she 's not go to have it now in the twilight of her career .
hey , hope your day be go well !
i have a question for anyone who feel that want to answer .
i have be watch a bit of ' rhythmic gymnastics ' on youtube...i just find it amazing...it 's very cool .
i do n't have child , but when i get to that stage , i 'd love a daughter of mine to take part in this really cool sport .
my question though be , be it true or just a myth that while all this crazy flexibility at a young age be nice , at old age they will be in pain and not able to move at all ?
if it be true , i 'd prefer not to have any part in it , but if it 's not true , it would be great to know .
can anyone help ?
i 'm no expert , but NE_gymnast-0 comenechi , the famous NE_country-0 gymnast , have no health problem from her gymnastics day though her former gymnast husband be wracked with arthritis .
thank for you quick reply .
could it be that different people react to it in different way ?
maybe you just enjoy it while you do , and if you find it painful afterwards...bad luck , if not...great !
have anyone else get any other thought ?
i 'm not familiar with rhythmic gymnastics , but i know both gymnast and dancer be prone to on @-@ the @-@ job injury -- and the effect of those injury can add up .
the behaviour of NE_country-0 cricket fan be of more concern than the -CONST--0 of spirit NE_organization-0 member set to descend upon our shore for this summer 's NE_series-0 , say NE_state-0 's police .
the number of NE_country-0 fan travel to NE_country-1 be expect to easily surpass the 10,000 who come for the -CONST--0 @-@ 03 NE_series-0 because of last year 's victory and because of an online ticket fiasco that saw -CONST--1 of NE_country-2 fan nab NE_series-1 ticket mean for australians .
there have be some discussion here about the NE_game-0 .
not the test series , the actual one .
apparently the aussies ( a devious lot ) have say that when they win the series ( that 's if they do , but they do n't think that way ) they want to take the small urn from its permanent place at NE_sports-facility-0 back to oz .
NE_club-0 say , on your bike cobber , because that urn be a gift , not a trophy , and it stay where it be .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 say the aussies now ?
i 'm sit here pull my hair out because my roomate be watch the NE_game-0 on tv . i 'd rather drink battery acid than watch golf .
while semi @-@ watch , i just realize something : while the golfer be set up his shot , and about to swing , all the fan get very quiet for them . then i think about fan at sport games( golf be n't a sport event , it 's a hobby ) , and they scream , yell , and do their best to annoy the oppose team 's player and throw them off their game .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 the hell do golfer escape that aspect ? the pressure and ability to block stuff out add to the challenge . ENT_amr-unknown-1 be they so special ?
this make me just hate watch golf on tv even more .
i love golf .
do n't understand watch it .
also do n't understand course that use cart .
none of that new @-@ fangled crap for me .
walk , and carry your bloody club .
so there be others out there other than myself that hate golf and believe its not a sport ? thats wonderful !
golf be a sport... an incredibly bore sport...
tennis player get the same ' silent treatment ' from spectator -- not exactly sure why...
bite me , NE_person-0 .
hatred of golf be for people with brain deficiency .
-CONST--0 other thing that must annoy you . in all other sport ( yeah , golf be a sport ) ...there be ref and umps and -CONST--1 that . and the people play the sport argue with those official all the time .
in golf...you gotta call foul on yourself . and golfer do !
there ain't nothing in the world better than golf . ( well...maybe -CONST--0 thing . but even that , you can eventually get enough of . you can never get enough of golf.)
will NE_person-0 ever return to the NE_team-0 ?
ever ? yeah , next season .
it 's look like he be out for the year , though depedning on his rehabilitation , he may try to be available for the playoffs .
it 's tough to say though .
my money be on NE_person-0 to return next year .
i do n't think he 's willing to let the previous season 's NE_game-0 be his last .
or it be possible you will stand there with a freeze grin on your face , unable to say anything remotely intelligent .
we can help you !
several of us a2k'ers have create a support group to painlessly guide you towards appear knowledgeable even if , like many of us , you be clueless .
they be call the wildcard game .
you will need to invest a grand total of -CONST--0 minute . total . max .
-CONST--0 indicate , by noon on saturday , jan -CONST--1 th , your pick on these -CONST--2 game :
NE_team-0 @ NE_team-1
NE_team-0 @ NE_team-1
NE_team-0 @ NE_team-1
NE_team-0 @ NE_team-1
NE_team-0 aggravate me no end in NE_game-0 ( NE_person-0 be my quarterback ) , so this seem to me a perfectly good reason to pick NE_team-1 , who also aggravate me , but not as much .
i 'm place my faith that the jet 's defense will kick in one more time .
plus i like it that no one else seem to have faith in NE_team-0 .
besides this wild card round be just fodder for the real game when the NE_team-0 start play and ultimately take the whole burrito , ( enchiladas be n't classy enough for NE_person-0 and the gang ) .
instead of a coin toss - and because i know absolutely nothing about football @- i 'm go to do it by which city i know @/@ like better and see how well i do .
so my pick will be :
NE_city-0
NE_city-0
NE_city-0
NE_city-0
just as an experiment to begin with , but -CONST--0 be fairly competititive in spirit , so if -CONST--1 of my team make NE_game-0 - -CONST--2 'll watch it instead of the NE_broadcast-program-0 marathon and eat me some chicken wing and drink a beer or -CONST--3 .
sound fun to me...can't hurt .
be there a prize ?
in an article in NE_city-0 's " NE_newspaper-0 , NE_person-0 , a NE_award-0 laureate and member of the NE_organization-0 at the NE_university-0 NE_city-1 , recommend that NE_country-0 farmer be allowed( you might even say " be encourage ") to grow poppy ( opium ) legally .
he argue that there be a shortage of painkilling medication , particularly in poor , ENT_ordinal-entity-0 world country , and that NE_country-0 could supply the need poppy at a lower price than commercially produce painkiller .
i see the interview he give on NE_publication-0 recently and he seem to know what he be talk about .
as he put it : " the afghan farmer have to make a live to fee his - often large - family .
we can force him to produce the poppy illegally and fee into the illegal drug market or we can buy the poppy from him and help provide pain @-@ kill drug ."
as i post sometime ago , country such as :france , NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 be permit to grow poppy legally for the production of drug - ENT_amr-unknown-0 not allow the afghan farmer the same privilege ?
have a look at the article and see if you agree with him or not .
the problem with poppy cultivation be n't the grow of the crop itself .
the problem be oversight and market .
opiate have legitimate medicinal use .
unfortunately , the product of the papver NE_plant-0 have far more monetary value on the black market than when sell to legitimate pharmaceutical manufacturer .
thank for the article and the background - i read both .
there would be problem though .
the criminal element that currently buy the crop be still go to try and get their hand on it , so the crop would need to be guard .
that 's go to cost a fair bit and probably result in bloodshed .
hot world conflict in the computer near you ! live ! entertain ! wild !
the future of the news reality show , or whatever should one call it .
NE_person-0 tour the world 's conflict zone with digital technology that will allow him to blog and transmit image and video from war ridden area ENT_temporal-quantity-0 .
one can contact him there , or chat with him live on the website .
now while i know he 's do it voluntarily and probably for a shootload of money , i have to say i find the idea of such a project odd and somewhat disconcerning .
will it start a new wave of journalist seek out the most dangerous situation to sell their goods ?
competition on who can go the farthest ?
and will that encourage the side in conflict to up their performance , so to speak , get international live coverage straight from the front ?
especially if there will be more and more NE_person-0 sites'es roam the world ?
-CONST--0 of journalist already do seek out war zone , sure .
but this be take it to a whole new level , i think .
anyway , i 'm confuse about how i feel about it .
i will surely look in often to see where he 's at and will be curious about the report and live video .
it have a voyeuristic element to it , do n't it ?
ah , ENT_amr-unknown-0 be this world come to .
and ENT_amr-unknown-0 do the future of journalism hold for us ?
can we control it in any way ?
what do you think ?
gus , that 's what 's make me uncomfortable .
it just seem like a stoopid idea to me .
but i won't deny that i be also curious , although it make me feel kinda dirty .
partake in make a violent conflict a part of entertainment culture .
well , more so than it already be . yecchh .
everything in life have a positive , and a negative side .
the good thing about this be that they might be able to record what really be happen in certain area of the world in case the ENT_government-organization-0 of the world tell us different .
if they make money good for them !
if they survive many of these men come back home change , and sometimes not for the better .
they could also come back wound or sick .
to me , it 's a good thing to be able to choose how your go to die when it 's for a good cause .
there be incident where the bastard in charge decide it would be best for a certain reporter to " die in conflict "
NE_person-0 better tread carefully .
of course , i imagine he 'll have quite an entourage and that might ensure his safety from the more devious sort .
the NE_organization-0 or at least some of the member threaten sanction .
sanction , ENT_amr-unknown-0 sanction could the NE_organization-0 impose , refuse to purchase the lifeblood of industry " oil "?
NE_country-0 could on the other hand cut their production and cause the price of that commodity to go through the roof .
be the threat of sanction just another instance where the NE_country-0 and the NE_organization-0 be just blow smoke ?
it 's blow smoke as it 's the people who will end up suffer from any such move .
if the NE_organization-0 really want to make a difference , they could threaten to pass a resolution ! !!!!
ooooooh ! that ought to scare ' em...."
and NE_person-0 be clamering the loudest .
do he , i wonder , think that would be his excuse to invade .
it would be wmd 's all over again .
i can n't believe that even the crew that " own " the NE_country-0 at the present time would do something as rash and ill conceive .
let me start by say that i love NE_country-0 .
i 've be there a few ENT_temporal-quantity-0 in the last -CONST--0 or -CONST--1 year and have become familiar with its people and custom and geography and unique challenge .
each time i 've visit , i 've notice immense , fast @-@ pace progress , both economically and socially .
since my ENT_ordinal-entity-0 visit there a network of well @-@ build highway have be build , enable european and internal tourism and commerce to flourish .
i 've witness cell phone come on the market and virtually explode .
high speed internet be available .
house build and land development be through the roof .
agricultural technology have take off and enable farmer to be profitable and efficient , as well as increase the availability of affordable food to all NE_country-0 .
my aim for this thread be to periodically discuss new development and economic initiative in NE_country-0 as they come about in the news , as well as any other news that be deem curious or interesting .
i 'm interested in NE_country-0 .
i know there be some cell there of folk who want to cause havoc but that be presumably not the whole population .
the country have seem attractive to me for ENT_temporal-quantity-0 .
at the least , i be interested in hear more about it .
NE_person-0 , -CONST--0 you be more specific about why NE_country-0 be to be avoid ?
this all remind me of myself sit at a train station in NE_country-0 at about -CONST--0 @:@ -CONST--1 a.m . -CONST--2 morning .
my husband and i wander in after buy our train ticket to get cappuccini and dolci before the ride... and share a table with -CONST--0 tourist from the NE_country-0 .
on my right be a table of ENT_amr-unknown-0 turn out to be moroccan laborers .
-CONST--0 xhub and the tourers be talk away about something and i glance over at the ( moroccans ) and we start talk in poor NE_language-0 , which be how i find out they be from NE_country-0 .
very polite sleepy early morning nice conversation.. i turn to the others and the lady say , " dear , you musn't talk with them , they be dangerous ."
i can n't remember ENT_amr-unknown-0 i say , but ENT_amr-unknown-1 be short , succinct .
that be a long time ago .
not every immigrant from far away land be the devil in disguise , and neither be all of us .
well say , NE_person-0 !
-CONST--0 have n't be there myself but my -CONST--1 son and a friend went a couple of year ago .
they say a ) it be one of the most beautiful place they have be and b ) it be the place in the world they have be most hassle and cheat .
i think , too , that as -CONST--0 young men travel together , they be look upon as a challenge by local youth .
they say there be fight amongst kid in the street and this seem to be normal and tolerate .
so it be a society with a very male testosterone @-@ rich style .
the shop run by women be altogether less hassly , more friendly .
-CONST--0 thing they find particularly hard to deal with be other young men attach themselves to their group and be undislodgeable ( a nwe word and it 's only -CONST--1 am ! ) .
my eldest who be especially friendly and tolerant try to make friend with these people but in the end they all want something .
that can be dispirit for the open @-@ mind and open @-@ hearted .
but they enjoy their stay generally , would certainly not avoid it in future .
as for lump all NE_religious-group-0 country together as a no go area - what complete nonsense !
as we 're go to NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 at the end of this month , and expect to have a wonderful trip as independent traveller , i be definitely make a political statement -
i do not lump all muslims together , and believe that -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 be friendly to traveller .
most be undoubtedly anti @-@ NE_country-0 and anti @-@ NE_person-0 , but that be not a sentiment confine to the islamists .
my engagement ring @/@ wed ring and other personal ring along with my husband 's wed ring be steal .
at least we assume so .
we go camp and put them together in the car .
after camp and come home we search high and low and could not find them .
we call the campground and the owner say they have clean our campsite and do not find anything .
so we have to assume some one stole them .
we do have the car unlock at time so it be a definate possibility .
really stink at it be just our anniversary right before .
yep , that stink .
we be rob -CONST--0 time right before NE_festival-0 .
came home , and the basement door have be kick in .
all they take be wrap NE_festival-0 gift , and all of my husband 's sock .
sound funny now , but at the time i feel very violate at the thought of stranger go through my house .
@mags314772,
yes i can say the -CONST--0 thing be at least it be n't in my house .
the idea of some one go through your house be as bad as them take NE_festival-0 present .
wow , the afghanis be in for a life @-@ change shock to their culture and way of life .
tribal leader , international corporation , international ENT_government-organization-0 and border neighbors will all be vie with each other and the NE_country-0 people for a piece of the action .
it will be interesting to watch who take what side .
will NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 now side with the NE_criminal-organization-0 to take over the country and exploit the riches ?
will the NE_country-0 help the NE_country-1 people to learn from our mistake and protect -CONST--0 natural environment from strip mine ?
will NE_criminal-organization-0 queda now return to the country to enrich themselves with the profit ?
will the lithium deposit take away from effort by NE_person-0 and others to invest in and invent research and development in improve battery storage for the very young renewable clean energy industry in the u.s ?
i dont think that any vast deposit find in one land that barely exist as a state and have almost no industry will be a setup for a despotic regime or a surge of NE_criminal-organization-0 takeover of province within which be these deposit .
since much of it lie in the mountainous region of the west and southwest , these be already the subject of the new campaign against a resurface NE_criminal-organization-0 .
these mineral , especially the lithium , will need major process before its in a commercial state for battery .
long term development for all kind of battery for entire new gizmos ( not just NE_product-0 ) will be based on better and better lithium cell .
most of the world recoverable deposit lie in NE_continent-0 lake deposit and in our own NE_local-region-0 in vast quartz deposit .
if they find deposit of rhodium and platinum itd be a major reason to enter negotiation to help em develop -CONST--0 resource .
you can have all the rear metal in the world in your country , but the support infrastructer 's must be in place , i.e. road , power plant , process facilties , water , ton and ton of water , chemical supplier , etc.
so what may appear as a rich mineral bonanza , will be shoot down for now and the forseable future , because the cost of extraction , be larger that any profit margin .
the administrative and legislative branch of -CONST--0 ENT_government-organization-0 can n't agree on how to make a dent in our deficit .
the solution ?
go on vacation for -CONST--0 ENT_temporal-quantity-0 and appoint a bipartisan group of senator and representative to try to work out some sort of plan .
their mission be to reduce next year 's deficit by $ 1.2tn over the next -CONST--0 year .
they must come up with a plan by NE_festival-0 - roughly -CONST--0 day - that -CONST--1 of the -CONST--2 member can agree on .
if they fail , there will be across the board cut .
if they succeed , their plan must pass the NE_government-organization-0 and the NE_government-organization-1 with no alteration .
i , too , be skeptical , NE_person-0 .
the -CONST--0 dems and -CONST--1 repubs from the NE_government-organization-0 seem to be intractably commit to their NE_political-party-0 ' more extreme wing .
the senator be be describe as " dealmakers , " willing to compromise at the end .
we will have to see .
in the meantime , if any of you find biography of the -CONST--0 member of the super committee , -CONST--1 link or write your own profile of them .
i 've say elsewhere that i do n't think they 're expect to accomplish anything .
they may put out a proposal but it will probably fail in one chamber or the other .
neither chamber can come to consensus on substantive reform , imo , and the trigger will be pull .
the trigger be specifically choose because each one be desirable to one party and not anethema to the other .
it never be a good idea and only seem to be a good idea to the moron .
there be never any reason to think that this be go to work , and now that it will not they be go to try to defuse the trigger...but that might not work either .
i dont know what the NE_city-0 odds of gut the NE_government-organization-0 be but i put it at around -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 .
it be always go to happen at some point , but maybe -CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 year down the line , not now .
if this happen it will be a major break of faith with the NE_country-0 people .
-CONST--0 of americans go to war for NE_country-0 , and come back break or otherwise give up a lot , and now we look to take a huge chunk of their hide because NE_government-organization-0 no long work .
this , folk , be go to be a problem .
edit : " delay and pray " have not work in NE_continent-0 , and it will not work in NE_continent-1 .
in both place we see from our so call leader a massive refusal to step up to the plate .
bullshit ! !! we be our own people .
the reason we be fight the world war be because the very rich who dont want to pay their share of tax want the protection of the ENT_government-organization-0 for the wealth and job they have import to other country .
what the majority of the u.s citizen get in return be nothing but a lack of job and a reduction in our ability to fee our family .
time to plug yourself in for a recharge , youre start to run down .
if you wanna defeat NE_person-0 , seem to me you need a candidate with something between their ear .
all i see be bozo and friend on the NE_political-party-0 side .
( hint : id vote for a NE_political-party-0 if one of substance show up , im not too thrill with the job NE_person-0 do .
i think he waste his capital on the health care right at the begin of the worst economic situation weve see in our lifetime .
unfortunately , you cannot really think that any of the present gaggle of NE_political-party-0 candidate have get substance ) .
thus the analysis that i have put up on NE_publication-0 in multiple place that the NE_country-0 federal ENT_government-organization-0 be corrupt , and be run by the corporate class .
we see the oppression of the people by the ENT_government-organization-0 in other area besides economics though , for instance i have point out how this oppression be weave onto our sex law .
the oppressor should not get too comfy , as oppressor the world over be find out they get over thrown by force of public will .
the oppressor of the NE_country-0 people will eventually suffer the same fate...
ENT_amr-unknown-0 be NE_person-0 when we need him --- again ?
the greatest irony i 've see here at NE_publication-0 NE_person-0 be although i agree with on the statement that the NE_country-0 be an oligarchy or a plutocracy i believe you have foolishly drunk the NE_product-0 to think the NE_political-party-0 be genuine in it 's pursuit to save the country from " our oppressor " when every move they propose be a basic tenet to strengthen the status quo .
clearly you be too blind by your personal selfishness and greed to see and feel the rain fall on your head from your NE_political-party-0 overlord .
ENT_government-organization-0 exist for a reason .
progressive ENT_government-organization-0 exist and should continue to exist in order to protect it 's citizen from the raid and loot horde of the multibillion dollar conglomerate and bank institution who themselves exist in order to set up a select small population into extreme wealth and power .
i be not of the NE_political-party-0 , i be a radical leftist formerly a revolutionary currently a socialist .
it could be argue that a better word be collectivist...
i strongly support libertarian political action because i want to see individual once again free enough from ENT_government-organization-0 oppresion that they can choose to come together in collective effort .
what we have now be a sham socialism impossed by a ENT_government-organization-0 which be own by the coporate class , whos only mission be to grab more wealth .
we be free from ENT_government-organization-0 oppression .
now if we can free ourselves from our -CONST--0 dollar overlord perhaps we can enjoy real freedom and get rid of our bought politician .
the euro country be afraid to let NE_country-0 go bankrupt , because it will be follow by NE_country-1 and NE_country-2 .
if that happen , the euro 's value will drop to unimaginable level , and inflation will hit all their country .
the NE_government-organization-0 euro policy continue to exacerbate the problem for NE_country-0 and the other euro country with huge deficit .
NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 be try their best to prop up NE_country-2 with more loan and forgive of loan , but that seem like a lose proposition when NE_country-3 really do n't have an economy that can pay back the loan they already have .
it seem like desperation time for the euro zone country , but the majority be in no position to assist NE_country-0 with their grow deficit .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 long will this plug of hole in the dam last ?
NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 be in no position to save all of them when the water 's rush get stronger by the month ( grow deficit ) .
NE_country-0 's debt be -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 of gdp .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 will they survive ?
i believe we 're on the rim of an economic maelstrom .
NE_country-0 be only the latest symptom of a financial disease that have become pandemic .
i believe that , too .
rather like an individual who work hard , produce useful work , and save for the future suddenly find himself wipe out because of the act of a central bank , somewhere .
you guy be depress me .
can n't i just go back to blissful ignorance ?
after wwii , the recovery be fast .
there be pent up demand for everything after the war , because most civilian earn money build our war machine for -CONST--0 year , and there be hardly any consumer goods to buy .
even food be put on ration .
what be " funny " to some degree be the " cheap " junk we import from NE_country-0 , because NE_country-1 be ready to spend money .
i remember lighter from NE_country-0 be make from soda pop can , and they must have sell -CONST--0 of those .
it appear a global recession be on its way .
a bush league president and political party should never be near the steer wheel of the NE_country-0 economy .
their reckless policy and ideology can only lead backwards to a -CONST--0 th or -CONST--1 th century society of robber baron and ideological cutthroat .
it 's too late ; we 've be a recession many month ago ; most family could not continue to live their lifestyles of a couple of year ago because food and fuel cost have increase to the point most could not keep up with those higher cost .
as family member lose their job and home , many also lose their health insurance .
that 's a biggie for most family .
you can listen to our ENT_government-organization-0 about " not be in a recession , " but i see it different .
some important cricket be go to be play out in the next coupla month :
NE_country-0 take on NE_country-1 ( or rather australian spectator take on NE_person-0 ) ; NE_country-2 sweat it out with NE_country-3 ; NE_country-4 prepare to face NE_country-5 .
there 's lot to talk about .
would the ozzies and indians ( NE_country-0 be allow , too ) want to talk over a beer or -CONST--0 ?
i 'm here !
glad they give NE_person-0 a run .
the NE_festival-0 test in NE_city-0 be aus vs NE_country-0 .
i go to the last aus @-@ NE_country-0 test .
we arrive , and the scoreboard read NE_country-0 -CONST--0 @-@ 705. aarrggghhh !
i take a photo of it .
was still a draw , though . NE_person-0 's last NE_city-0 test .
hope that do n't happen again !
australian rock NE_legend-0 have die this morning after suffer a major heart attack overnight .
NE_person-0 , -CONST--0 , die in the early hour of the morning after he be rush to NE_city-0 NE_hospital-0 at -CONST--1 am ( -CONST--2 ) , a spokesman have say .
did he do anything a non @-@ aussie may recognise ?
NE_person-0 move to the NE_country-0 in -CONST--0 .
NE_music-0 be release in -CONST--0 NE_broadcast-program-0 .
NE_person-0 headline his own sold out tour through -CONST--0 and 80 .
sometime there abouts his record lable went belly up .
NE_company-0 assume the right .
live as fast as he die .
at least in the early year .
they should have a -CONST--0 minute silence up at NE_worship-place-0 .
after strategically ' excise ' bit of NE_country-0 in order to thwart people smuggler ( you can n't land in NE_country-1 if we pass a law to say it be n't NE_country-2 this week ) , our pint @-@ size pm have decide to think big .
how big .
real big .
the govt be plan to create a ' security zone ' that extend -CONST--0 nautical mile around the country .
this would allow the monitor and possible interception of any vessel within the zone .
amazingly , other nearby nation ( NE_country-0 for one ) be a bit put out as it extend NE_country-1 soverienty well into sth NE_world-region-0 .
and ENT_amr-unknown-0 ?
the NE_country-0 have one....
there must be some sort of international bench @-@ mark for piss off other nation in play here .
this govt have also repeatadly say that ENT_government-organization-0 will take independent action to pre @-@ emptively strike at ' terror ' and we be sourcing supplier of cruise missile .
now , it be pretty obvious that NE_country-0 won't be attack from the east ( NE_country-1 ) , the south ( NE_continent-0 ) or the west ( big ocean then NE_country-2 ) .
so , ' security zone ' be shorthand for , ' you sneaky little brown people better not try any funny business '.
of course they just happen to be the most populous muslim nation on earth - of course we should always walk tall and talk tough when deal with them .
could you imagine ENT_amr-unknown-0 tough NE_government-organization-0 would be if there be the ' NE_country-0 ' with a billion or more people sit on their northern border ?
you will never ever appease NE_country-0 .
they could n't give a stuff about NE_country-0 no matter what we say .
they would have invade us long ago if there be n't a big stretch of ocean in between .
if i be to describe accurately and succinctly my estimation of that post , -CONST--0 , i might be ban .
i shall content myself by simply say that you be utterly ignorant of where NE_person-0 might have be , and what his experience or feeling might be , nor do i see his whereabouts as form the basis of any rational argument .
perhaps fortunately , however , you have make no attempt to formulate any such argument .
well be n't that progressive of them...
this be the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 time they 've do so .
the most amaze thing though be NE_state-0 , often describe as the very heart of NE_country-0 liberalism , vote conservative on just about every one of the proposition out there .
they do approve assist suicide , but i think vote against every other ' liberal ' proposal .
i honestly think the pendulum be begin to swing back from the far leave .
we can always hope .
once the traditional marriage be safe , then i be confident the people will get busy to provide a way for gay couple to enjoy the same protection as married people do , and i think that will pass with scarcely more than a murmor .
a new report on global warm , the product of a task force of academic , business leader and politician , chair by former NE_person-0 administration transport minister NE_person-1 and NE_political-party-0 ENT_government-organization-0 NE_person-2 , be deeply unsettle .
i love when those that do n't get it claim there can n't be global warm cause it 's -CONST--0 degree and theres -CONST--1 feet of snow on the ground .
that 's actually -CONST--0 of the thing ( record / increase snowfall ) that indicate global warn be take place .
what i do n't get be why some so vehemently deny global warm .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 be the benefit of deny that it be happen or accept that it be possible ?
ya learn something new every day....
ambergris be use in perfume or as a perfume .
i think it be a type of amber ( a tree resin product ) , but it be totally unrelated .
ambergris be basically , sperm whale trace .
you know how hawk and coyote vomit up the undigestible part of their food ?
so do sperm whale .
the stuff the eject be fould and gross , but after it float in the sun , on the ocean , for many year , it become ambergris - worth a small fortune too.....
there be nothing the -CONST--0 th century whaler prize more highly -- a good haul of ambergris could allow all the ship officer to retire , or buy their own ship -- and allow the sailor to get famously drink , until they be rob and go lookin ' for a new berth...
i find that quite interesting .
imagine break open a chunk of a ambergris and discover something like that...
" hey , NE_person-0 , ENT_amr-unknown-0 the hell be this thing inside the ambergris ? "
" let me have a look .
i believe that be the hard beak of a giant squid ! "
that initial article say it be ban in the NE_country-0 under some endanger species thingie -- ENT_amr-unknown-0 , though ?
it seem like it 's pretty separate from any harm to the animal .
( if they kill one for it , if they get anything at all they 'll some foul @-@ smell bile that have to be float on the sea for -CONST--0 year or more...)
the ambergris itself be consider an endanger species , soz .
it be consider to be a float ecosystem , sort of a microcosm of a rain forest , and every time one be destroy scientist lose valuable information that might have be use for discover a cure for cancer or some other dealdly malady .
NE_person-0 dramatically escalate the extrajudicial killings by NE_country-0 around the world ( mainly in NE_country-1 , NE_country-2 and NE_country-3 ) since take office .
for example , in his ENT_ordinal-entity-0 year in office NE_country-0 carry out more drone attack in NE_country-1 than NE_person-0 's entire presidency .
the next year ?
he more than double his own increase rate .
NE_person-0 be send out these drone to kill people at a rate of once every -CONST--0 day .
NE_person-0 's average be about once every -CONST--0 .
we 've make a new generation of enemy in NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 for these assassination ( and the " night raid " NE_person-0 escalate in NE_country-2 ) .
other than NE_person-0 , nobody we be kill have anything to do with NE_incident-0 .
-CONST--0 decade later many of the young men we be assassinate ( along with the civillians that constitute -CONST--1 of the number kill by these drone ) must have be kid when that happen .
do you think this be a good idea ?
if this be NE_person-0 would you be protest it ?
vote against him ?
ENT_amr-unknown-0 can NE_person-0 , the greatest drone murderer in history , get away with it with hardly a word about it ?
he even get away with crack joke about predator drone while i know damn well that most of you here would have excoriate NE_person-0 for something like that .
so ENT_amr-unknown-0 be it ?
do you all just not know that NE_person-0 have escalate the killings do in your name or do you just not care anymore ?
be war cool now ?
are these kill moral now ?
ENT_amr-unknown-0 be the life NE_person-0 be kill more valuable than the one that NE_person-1 be kill ?
ENT_amr-unknown-0 be you guy gonna vote for this warmonger ?
when you go on a crusade you do n't pull any punch with -CONST--0 headline , do you , NE_person-0 ?
that 's a bit over the top , don'cha think ?
i state long ago that i no long support him .
i will vote ENT_ordinal-entity-0 party , if at all , since neither major party want to nominate somebody with my value .
i see your point , which you make well on the other thread .
-CONST--0 have a discussion -CONST--1 week or so ago with a old lib friend think about vote for NE_person-0 , and i go on about my old theory about watch for the company someone keep .
that 's from my hematology day , when if you find a blast cell in a peripheral smear , it be very likely a progenitor of the cell around it , thus help identify the NE_disease-0 .
( long ago , do n't know what they do on that now.)
thus , i might like a NE_political-party-0 , but would worry about the ENT_government-organization-0 that came along with him or her .
i end with say i 'm not all so happy about the " company NE_person-0 keep " either .
i convince her , but my conviction on this be shallow .
she and i be both in despair about NE_person-0 for reason already well discuss on NE_publication-0 re his get along mode .
i 'm not sure she be as trouble by NE_country-0 action around the world as i be , but i think so .
i 'm interested in ENT_ordinal-entity-0 party maverick , but have trouble envision how that would work out even if i approve of the candidate .
could NE_person-0 work out ?
NE_person-0 as an independent ?
or , get elect in the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 place ?
given a NE_political-party-0 in office , one of those in the present batch of candidate , i have more trouble not see thing get worse in some ugly way re the economy and how life would work for the struggle with little income .
i 've despair with president before , though .
so , let say a NE_political-party-0 be elect - i can imagine increase polarization in the citizenry as an outcome .
it might result in real change - but in just ENT_amr-unknown-0 way ?
you sound like you 'd rather see that than put up with dem mediocrity any further .
on that , i both see your point and am not there yet myself .
why , i 'll say i fear thing be worse ( to me ) for a while might spiral out of control .
here 's a funny one : when i get a job work for the local college i have to show my birth certificate before they would hire me .
mine have be mislay and i 'd ask if there be any way i could work in lieu of find it , but they say : no they would not hire me without a birth certificate .
but NE_person-0 have yet to produce a valid birth certificate and be no president of the NE_country-0 .
not only do it take less paperwork to become president of the NE_country-0 than a tutor at a local college , but the us constitution require the president must be a natural born citizen !
without require proof of birth we have waive this constitutional requirement .
@muarck , note : this be not conservative or NE_political-party-0 agenda .
i 'm a democrat who vote NE_person-0 .
this be just about gross violation of the NE_country-0 constitution .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 be you try to fool ?
NE_person-0 produce a valid birth certificate .
it be verify by the NE_state-0 .
it 's be uphold in numerous court proceeding .
it 's be investigate by just about every news organization out there .
but you do n't have an agenda , yeah right .
a certify copy of a birth certificate issue by the state of birth be valid legal proof of birth , acceptable in a court of law .
no one get their original certificate of birth .
those always stay on file in wherever the state keep their vital record .
NE_person-0 have show a certified copy .
it 's be examine several time and declare valid .
the NE_state-0 have verify the original .
give it up . he 's legal
accord to the ap....here 's a local link
i 've be wonder when that 'd be call !
NE_publication-0 have both NE_state-0 and NE_state-1 at " -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 report " but they 're still not colored in .
i be shock that this happen .
i be not unhappy but i be shock .
the tension and animosity on the street in NE_state-0 be palpable .
i 've be threaten physically twice....like i give a shit....
i do tend to stir the pot i realize .
last night at my gig some drunk late night be discuss what to call obama...bandying the usual right wing talk around and i say " i suggest you call NE_person-0 the motherfucking president elect ".
he be n't sure what to say in response to that so he pay his tab and leave
after last night 's event in NE_city-0 , it 's clear that the NE_country-0 do n't want to be a part of the NE_continent-0 ( or just the NE_organization-0 ? ) anymore .
the continent can cope without the NE_country-0 .
but can the NE_country-0 go to a prosperous future without the euro , without the continent ?
ENT_amr-unknown-0 alliance be now possible ? just the NE_country-0 , or the a re @-@ organised NE_organization-0 ?
ENT_amr-unknown-0 will be the future place of this country among NE_continent-0 , NE_country-0 , NE_country-1 , the NE_country-2 ?
the NE_country-0 have say " bye , bye NE_continent-0 ".
i hope they know the mean of " auf wiedersehen "!
@walter NE_person-0 , i can n't remember where i read the analysis , but the conclusion which make sense to me be that currency boundary ultimately imply federal boundary .
to be anthropomorphic , the " NE_country-0 psyche " resist federal union with NE_continent-0 as evidence by their original reluctance to join the NE_organization-0 .
this latest decision be symptomatic of that resistance but economic event will ultimately decide whether " resistance be futile ".
it 's also a sovereignty issue -- and sovereignty be something which the NE_organization-0 have never effectively address .
ever crucial issue be put up for a plebecite , or a vote by nation -- and the population of -CONST--0 or more country , or the ENT_government-organization-0 of -CONST--1 of more country , torpedo the deal .
as a " union , " it 's farcical .
not too long ago , when NE_person-0 campaign for the presidency , he be all about human right .
and man do he chastise the NE_political-party-0 ' approach to them .
time and time again , NE_person-0 emphasize ( and i 'm quote from memory here ) that under his rule NE_country-0 would n't lead the world through the example of its power , but through the power of its example .
-CONST--0 of his ENT_ordinal-entity-0 act as president be to announce the shutdown of the prison camp at NE_bay-0 , which have come to symbolize the NE_person-0 ENT_government-organization-0 's fast , loose , and secretive approach to human right .
last week , the NE_person-0 ENT_government-organization-0 have a perfect opportunity to act on ENT_government-organization-1 rhetoric , to set an example of NE_country-0 's new spirit , to specifically deliver  change we can believe in .
to understand this opportunity , you have to remember that NE_bay-0 be just the tip of the iceberg .
the rest of the iceberg , hide underneath the waterline from public scrutiny and media symbolism , exist a system of NE_government-organization-0 prison in foreign country .
when the NE_government-organization-0 suspect people of connection to terrorism , it snatch them off the street wherever -CONST--0 live , fly them to those secret prison , and interrogate them .
credible report allege that the NE_government-organization-0 use torture to extract information from them .
( i 've write about -CONST--0 of the victim a little over -CONST--1 year ago ) .
when some of the victim be try to pursue their case in federal court , the NE_person-0 ENT_government-organization-0 try to throw out their -CONST--0 on a theory about ENT_government-organization-1 secret .
NE_person-0 , consistent with the rest of his human right rhetoric , sharply criticize NE_person-1 for it .
but now that NE_person-0 's secrecy theory be before an appeal court , NE_person-1 be change his mind .
without qualification , he be now stick to the NE_person-0 position that torture victim cannot sue the NE_government-organization-0 , because the torture be a state secret .
 change we can believe in ?
yeah right .
that be so -CONST--0 year ago !
it 's what most politician would do...but still...sigh .
the hell of it be to whom do we turn .
the NE_person-0 and NE_person-1 policy that have put us in this position ?
we all vote for NE_person-0 because of these policy but ENT_amr-unknown-0 do we turn to really gain a ENT_government-organization-0 of the people for all the people .
NE_political-party-0 , NE_political-party-1 , all i see be crook politician who be only interested in thier own gain and screw the rest of us .
well it be n't just campaign promise , he repeat it in his inauguration , when he already have the presidency in hand .
" we reject as false the choice between our safety and our ideal ."
apparently he be miss some qualifier , so i 'll fix it for him :
" we sometimes reject as false the choice between our safety and our ideal when it be politically convenient ."
yeah , i just see this for the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 time too .
do n't look good , but i do n't know anything beyond what 's here .
NE_person-0 -- ENT_amr-unknown-0 's the last time you see me say anything about NE_person-1 , yay or boo ?
i 'm still in politics detox mode and still just not follow this stuff .
also just plain not on NE_organization-0 much .
this happen to be recently reply to when i check in just now .
-CONST--0 wonder which couple of year he be referring to .
the power of propaganda .
even half @-@ way intelligent people just automatically repeat this propaganda that 's be drive into their head .
interest use of subject @/@ object pronoun .
-CONST--0 have be busy the last few day .
today be the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 i hear about the story on NE_publication-0 .
i admit i do n't know the fact but on it 's face i disagree with the decision .
it 's -CONST--0 day old ?
it certainly have n't make it into my paper unless i skim over it .
gush like teenager about their ENT_ordinal-entity-0 crush ? i do n't gush NE_person-0 .
this be n't really an endorsement of torture and rendition , be it ?
with nothing to go on except the link to the NE_newspaper-0 article , it look more like there be n't go to be legal action against NE_government-organization-0 and the unnamed NE_company-0 subsidiary for activity they be assure be legal at the time .
i never feel oblige to report every screwup make by the previous ENT_government-organization-0 .
there be so many better qualify people to handle that .
i 'm very close to break point ,
i 've love the same girl for about -CONST--0 year .
-CONST--0 've kept it to myself forever , then tell a friend a few month ago cause -CONST--1 just could n't cope anymore .
then a week 1 @/@ 2 ago , i declare my love for the girl in a text when i be drunk .
she eventually reply a couple of day later be unbelievably kind about it , which have really just make me fall even deeper ( if this be possible ) .
i tell her she would n't hear from me for a while , you know , so i can attempt to move on .
so now i 'm at the start of the move on phase , but i 'm just stuck .
i cut off most of my hair and i 've start exercise and change my diet to try to alter the chemical in my body to make me feel better that way , but do n't seem to be work , i 'm still miserable .
a song about love will come on my itunes ( pretty much every song in the world ) or a song that remind me of her , and i 'll just break down .
i feel like just drop out of uni and get on a flight to NE_country-0 and never come back .
during a really low point last week i cut myself ( which i have n't do in ENT_temporal-quantity-0 ) just because -CONST--0 have so much pent @-@ up emotion , -CONST--1 have to let it out somehow .
i really do n't know what to do or how to help myself be happy again .
people say time be a healer but i do n't know if i 'll be able to hold out that long !
find activity to occupy your time .
there have to be something you really enjoy do ?
set some goal for yourself . i.e.:
- go to the gym -CONST--0 ENT_temporal-quantity-0 -CONST--1 week for -CONST--2 hour a day .
- read x book in -CONST--0 ENT_temporal-quantity-0 .
- platinum all the NE_game-0 .
- meet -CONST--0 new person -CONST--1 day and engage in a meaningful conversation .
- learn a new skill ( could be play an instrument , draw , try a new sport , web design , etc.).
just some example .
find an activity you like , set some goal , stick to them .
the key be to occupy yourself and meet new people .
maybe make a new playlist on itunes for starter , with happy music . ' NE_music-0 ' by NE_organization-0 , etc.
thing that do n't make you think of her .
try , like /\ /\ suggest , get a hobby , go to the gym etc.
it won't be easy , but it 's just one of these thing in life .
try count all the thing that you do have in life ,
sure you might not have her , but i 'm sure you have a number of other thing .
you 're in uni arn't you ? ?
well , a large percentage of the population do n't have that , and i 'm sure you can finish the list .
it might seem impossible at the moment , but pick yourself up and live life with as much energy as you can .
talk to people on here be always a place to start , have make some wonderful friend on here
turn to religion .
when i be in your exact same position i turn to religion and NE_religious-group-0 have work very well boost up my self @-@ content .
i really like this girl and she 's in a few of my class at university .
everytime i look at her i find her look banck at me .
regardless i do n't know her that well but i fancy her a lot .
i be go to ask her out but for the past few week -CONST--0 've be wait for the right ENT_temporal-quantity-0 ( which never come , partly coz -CONST--1 'm scared ) .
but be valentine NE_festival-0 , should i ask her out and give her a card , or would that be cheesy .
maybe i should just wait for valentine to go .
i see her tomorrow and i could approach her .
i sometimes worry what her mate will think of me , i do n't know i 'm nervous but it have to be do so i can move on i guess
forget about the friend ; if she 's a nice girl , go for it !
be casual , as you run the risk of come on too strong if you do anything seriously NE_festival-0 @-@ y .
i would suggest wait until thursday or so ( let the NE_festival-0 aura float by a bit ) , and then ask her if she 's get plan sunday afternoon for coffee .
low pressure , maximum talk time .
good luck !
well , in my estimation , while it be " romantic " to ask on NE_festival-0 , it 's also high @-@ pressure .
it 's your decision , obviously .
either way , coffee date ( or something similar.)
and do ask !
ask as soon as you can manage to get it off your chest .
ask my girlfriend what fantasy she want to indulge in , turn out she want to have a threesome with a lesbian @/@ bi friend of hers that 's want to **** her for age .
and yes the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 party be fit and have let my gf touch her before .
my girlfriend be straight but she get a kick out of pleasuring people , if that make sense .
i 'm really kind of split on the issue tbh , i do n't have much experience with this sort of thing , if i be in a no @-@ string relationship they would be no stop -CONST--0 , but i can n't help feel that go through with it would spoil thing between us .
but then again we 're young and it be something i 'd like to kick off the bucket list , as it be .
anyone have any experience with this before ?
good or bad ?
ENT_amr-unknown-0 should i look out for/ be careful of , really do n't want to ruin thing with my girlfriend , but the idea of a threesome be thrill , not gunna lie .
not really , threesome in relationship can really cause issue ,
not to mention the reality be oft very different from the fantasy .
im sexually open mind but theres no way id share my gf with a boy or girl .
if im single yeah sure , attach no way .
if my gf suggest it id tell her no , straight out .
sorry but i dont share .
oh and ive have threesome before someone say it - both mmf and ffm
if you be n't plan on be with this girl forever then go for it .
if you 're engage or some **** then best not to .
if her friend have want to ' f**k her for age ' i doubt it will end well
apparentley threesome can really ruin relationship , as they can make people insecure and unconfident .
fantasy be sometimes better than reality .
if you have any insecurities at all , then i would recommend you not do it .
like people have say , in theory , it 's great .
in reality , thing be a lot more complicated .
-CONST--0 've be with my girlfriend for well over -CONST--1 year now , and -CONST--2 'm quite selfless towards her .
i do everything i can to make her life easier and better , and we both love each other .
it mean that i spend generously if need and put a lot of time and effort into the relationship .
however , the other night , i bring up " the future ".
as in , think about where we 'd be a couple year from now and how serious she be about stay with me .
turn out , that she do n't really like me that much when we start date and she be just see how thing go ( although now she say she be very happy , but surprise , that she have stay with me this long ) .
i ask her what she think about where we 'd be and she say she do n't want to think about that , and that i should be happy about the experience we 've have ( which i be ) .
my issue be that , should i continue put so much effort into her if it just seem like i 'm " what 's good right now " for her , although it seem as if she do n't want to make any plan or even hope to stay together for a long time .
it just seem unfair that i 'm put in a lot more effort into this relationship and that if we do break up , she 'd have gain a lot more than -CONST--0 do as a result .
any thought ?
in your situation i would say enjoy the moment you 're in now .
currently i 'm on the fence in regard to get more serious with a guy who be technically still marry , have -CONST--0 children and have openly tell me do not want to get marry again or have any more kid .
if you ever find yourself in a situation like this think about the future early on be a must in my opinion because there be a lot more at stake .
my boyfriend have one of those job where he 's on call a lot .
this year he 's on call for our anniversary .
this happen a lot .
he say we 'll not make reservation but we will make plan etc but not to bank on it .
i 'm not angry at him @- i 'm in uni and i know how it be for thing to change suddenly .
but i need to find a way to cope with this .
if i get all dress up and sit wait , he often text me say he have to cancel .
the disappointment be horrible .
if i do n't get ready , he come home and i 'm in my pjyamas , not shower or ready in anyway .
it ruin the night because i have to run around and get ready and i do n't get to do any of the thing i want to .
be there anyway to
bless you i know where -CONST--0 're come from .
my boyfriend be a bobby so he often have to stay late because of a job , he 's be hour and hour before get back .
it make it harder because we 're in an ldr so we have little ENT_temporal-quantity-0 together anyway and with me at uni and him with only -CONST--0 day off -CONST--1 week now in comparision to the -CONST--2 @/@ -CONST--3 it 's hard .
i do n't think you can not get disappoint .
the job demand it .
i realise that and sound like you do too but it do n't make it any easier .
it 's just something we have to deal with .
value the moment you do get to spend together , try not to plan thing in advance if thing be likely to cancel but be prepare for a bit of spontaneity , maybe have an outfit already in your head you could wear at last minute ?
it 's frustrate , you 're not alone in feel the way you do .
-CONST--0 'm study abroad for -CONST--1 year and my boyfriend be go to come visit me a few ENT_temporal-quantity-0 time .
should -CONST--0 pay for some/half/any of his plane ticket ?
i feel bad when -CONST--0 have all this spare loan money and he 's have to save up for week to come see me , which be something we both want .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 do i do ?
i 'd discuss it with him -
i do n't do abroad , but when my ex and i be apart he 'd pay for -CONST--0 ticket and i 'd pay for everything whilst he be stay at mine -@ food , transport etc ( when he let me anyway ) .
so really it depends on how much the ticket be cost .
i guess as he 's have to save up that live cost wont cover it .
-CONST--0 'd suggest either half , or if it make him feel less bad about it , alternate - so he pay for the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 trip , you pay for the ENT_ordinal-entity-1 etc.
when i live abroad my boyfriend at the time would pay for his flight
( they be n't much luckily ) and i would pay for most of the stuff when he be there ; eat out...etc .
so my life 's be quiet now for a pretty long length of time...
i'v have the occasion of see guy , but it never end good or last long .
since -CONST--0 last year i havn't be in a proper relationship and life 's get a bit too quiet for my like .
i can n't seem to meet any new genuine guy .
their all ' manwhores ' to put it bluntly .
some that -CONST--0 meet , -CONST--1 'll be physically attract to them..but they have no personality to them..you could say their like male barbie doll .
however , some i will meet who have such a lovely personality , but i wont be attract to them physically .
i can n't seem to find someone with that ' connection ' if you know what i 'm say .
im start to feel like it 's me who be the problem .
i can n't seem to find anyone who be n't just interested in sex...
advice -CONST--0 ! ?
use your gold digger ability and find a rich man .
meh i have the same problem just in reverse .
it do get a bit demoralising sometimes when everyone around you be in a relationship , especially now which be probably the worst time of year to be single .
i would n't blame yourself though , you probably just have n't have an opportunity come along .
i 've meet plenty of nice girl at uni but it take a lot for me to actually develop feeling for someone , and i can n't say i 've meet anyone who i genuinely have feeling for .
i 'd rather wait until i do then find a girlfriend for the sake of it - try and think of thing that way ?
just have to keep put yourself out there i guess , if you 're constantly meet new people or get better acquainted with people you already know , an opportunity will come up eventually .
theres a fair chance you 've catch someones eye already and they 're keep quiet about it
so me and my ex broke up about 2 and a half month ago .
do n't know how it all happen but she say she 'd like to see me during the NE_festival-0 holiday .
now i have this weird thing go on with this breakup.. for the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 -CONST--0 week i feel totally heartbroken , then i be get on good for a while , then go back to be really sad , etc.
before i come back i feel like i be over it ; then i come back , and suddenly , yet again feel unhappy .
it 's really goddamn annoy .
either way , from what i 've heard , she be n't really the same kind of person she be when we be together ( in a good way for me ; apparently like the kind of girl i 'm not interested in ) , so meet with her might totally kill whatever residual feeling there be and i can get on with my life .
or it won't work and i 'll spiral back into sadness .
or we may get back together , since she tell me she might feel differently in the future . ( ie , want me back , after a break that 's less ' stressful '; not that we ever have a stressful time.. ) .
i do n't think this be ideal , but i 'm an idiot . i know i still feel kind of possessive over her..
i hate the thought of her with another guy .
so should i meet with her ? or not ? or delete her out of my life entirely ? or what..
depending on what you want .
if you want her back , do it .
if you want to be over her , do n't go .
i would say -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 chance that will end up feel even more sad than you be if you go see her , coz feel do n't just die in -CONST--1 month ( unless there be nothing at the start ) .
i meet up with my ex after -CONST--0 year of no contact at all and still feeling come back .
so yeah , do n't fool yourself . whatever that girl be do now be probably just a pretend , try to move on , be a change person , ect ect .
do n't expect to feel nothing when you see her .
ok its very important to know this quote : " once a girl leave her boyfriend , the only reason she might wanna be back be to hurt her bf "
dude , do n't meet up with her even if you love her to death because once you have break up , there be no way back and all this meet will do to you be to make you feel upset afterwards .
i be in the similar situation couple of momth ago and -CONST--0 just keep this girl away from me and you ought to do the same since -CONST--1 something be over , then it be over
i really need advice .
me and my boyfriend start date when we be -CONST--0 , and we 're now at uni still go out .
he 's always be the sweetest guy , -CONST--0 mean really nice and funny but these past few month thing have change .
he 's have problem at home lately , and thing have be really tough for him .
im surprise how well he deal with it all .
but recently i 've learnt not to bring it up in conversation or he 'll get really angry about it .
i do n't want to go into detail but lately he 's be get agry at the slightest thing , and if i can n't calm him down he 'll get violent especially after a drink .
he 'll always laugh it off afterwards as if he didnt mean it , and i know he doesnt because he be a good guy .
i 've try talk to him about it several time , tell him i 'll leave him if he do it again but -CONST--0 hasnt stop , and he have such a hold on me i dont think i could never leave him .
im so emotionally drain and dont want any friend to know because they 'll just think bad of him , when really he be good deep down .
sorry for the ramble , i just need to get that out .
i 'm post anonymously because what -CONST--0 be go to say be very personal .
just over -CONST--0 year ago my girlfriend step @-@ father be hurt her mum .
my girlfriend go to help her mum and in turn be hit over the head by a glass bottle . as you might expect the police be call and the prick be arrest .
he appear in court the next day and plead not @-@ guilty to assault her mum and assault her to her injury ( serious assault in NE_country-0 ) .
now this be where my story get really sick .
i type this and i be full of rage .
my girlfriend mum write to the court and ask for her husband bail condition to be drop as well as for the charge to be drop .
she tell the court not to write to her at her own address or phone her home - this stopped my girlfriend from find out what her mum be up to .
in NE_country-0 , domestic abuse charge be not drop if a victim request for them to be drop .
though the bail condition be drop by the NE_government-organization-0 in NE_city-0 - this allow the cowardly little prick to contact my girlfriend , her mum and enter the family home .
we find this out on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 rd -CONST--2 at about 7.30pm when her mum phone her to say her husband be back in the house and want to talk about what happen .
we phone the police because as far as we be aware bail condition be still in place .
there be nothing they could do .
her mum kick her out on NE_festival-0 -CONST--0 to allow the prick to stay .
i be rage .
see my girlfriend in tear at -CONST--0 year old be absolutely heart @-@ break for me .
i do not know how to help but all i do be worry and worry .
my behaviour start to change , i have recently start a career in the NE_organization-0 but due to stress i start to develop problem .
i be eventually referred to a psychologist by my gp to deal with anxiety .
when the case go to trial , her mother lie and say my girlfriend attack him .
the **** be find not @-@ guilty .
my girlfriend be heart break .
i lose it , i go absolutely crazy .
if my mum have not calm me down then i would be in prison just now .
-CONST--0 year on and my girlfriend have forgive her mum .
they live in a flat and the mum disappear at the weekend - -CONST--0 point if you can guess who she go to see .
i have not forgive her mum .
i do not visit the flat when her mum be in .
i have have argument with her mum where i have say some absolutely vile thing which i be not in the least bit proud about .
i have ask my girlfriend to stay with her dad as i still worry .
basically me not like her mum affect our relationship a little bit - if we be ever to take the next step and eventually get marry then i do not know how we would do it , though my girlfriend assure me that we would manage somehow .
i still think about the incident a lot .
what i be try to say be that domestic abuse do not just affect you - it will affect everyone you care about .
-CONST--0 take what i have say to heart and leave this guy .
been with a guy for over -CONST--0 year .
he 's be act really weird recently .
he have n't pick up literally -CONST--0 @/@ -CONST--1 of my call .
have n't return any text either .
i do get to speak to him the last time -CONST--0 ring him ( after him blanking -CONST--1 @/@ -CONST--2 call ) and i ask him what 's up but he do n't tell me ( this be over -CONST--3 ENT_temporal-quantity-0 ago ) .
the fact that its a long distance relationship do n't make it any better .
he do this before -CONST--0 -CONST--1 year ago as well over nothing but i can n't really remember how it proceeded...i guess he just gradually start call again .
apart from this , we have have a very love and almost perfect relationship .
i 'm start to lose trust in him now .
i do n't know if i 'm overreacting , but i just feel really hurt about the way he 's neglect me again and i 'm literally cry as i write this .
i let him get away with it last time but i 've have enough .
i do n't know what i aim to achieve write this on a student forum , but any idea on what should i do ? be it worth end the relationship ?
i do n't wanna ring him any more because i feel insult that he just casually blank my call .
and ask him do n't help either since he 's not gunna tell me .
hmm...good few issue here .
personally , i do n't think long @-@ distant relationship would be successful .
the play hard to get , in reflection to what others have say , be clearly not to way to go , since you 're already live far from each other already .
i think that there 's a range of possibility as to why he 's act this way :
1 ) he 's get something to hide .
if you 're say he act this way before about -CONST--0 year ago and then perfectly fine later on , there 's clearly something go on in his mind .
i do n't know if that 's cheat or if there 's something else , but there 's clearly something he 's not share with you
2 ) he 's feed up with the relationship .
3 ) he 's autonomous and need a lot of space .
i 'm exactly the same .
even if it 's a long distant relationship , sometimes receive phonecall ( depending on how often you 'd call him ) could actually affect his perception on how he feel about the relationship .
i think if you be to give him a ' taste of his own medicine ' then effectively you might receive the response -CONST--0 're expect but i think what 's miss here most be communication .
when you see him next time , do n't criticise or start questioning him .
just express your worry to him and maybe you 'll get something out of -CONST--0 .
edit : i do n't understand the neg .
ok so -CONST--0 be female and like male , always have , obsess with a few male celebs and see myself wth guy .
however occassionally i seem to have feeling for older female but i 'm not sure if they be like sexual feeling and it 's quite confuse .
for the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 time there be a female who i like whos quite a bit older and i definitely have feeling .
i know that she be n't straight .
i deliberately try to talk to her and spend time with her even though shes clearly quite a bit older .
perhaps they be more feeling because i look up to the person ?
i 'm really not sure , do anyone have any idea ?
ENT_amr-unknown-0 do this mean ?
it seem strange when i be physically attract to men ?
if you 're physically attract to men and you 're not sexually arouse by her , i 'd say you have your answer there it might be that you get nervous and your heart beat faster because you be anxious to please her , or her opinion of you matter to you ?
if you scour the forum and do a search , you 'll see that you 're not the only one who have ever feel like this about a teacher of the same gender .
i use to - in fact , still ! - attach to female teacher and tutor a lot .
my counsellor have great fun dissect it and tell me how i 'm sexually attract to mother figure , but he be just an arse
i be n't in a relationship with this guy but we 've be see each other .
in ENT_ordinal-entity-0 year we be always together in the same group of friends..
it be fine .
now in ENT_ordinal-entity-0 year , he 's decide he do n't want to see me anymore .
he want to be ' friend '.
but i know he do n't really want to be friend at all .
i think he 's get someone else.. and that 's why he 's finish it but i do n't really care that he 's finish it .
what i do care about be that i 've be completely cut out .
he life in the same place as me and have n't speak to me -CONST--0 since .
i 've be cut out of night out , get togethers.. etc all because i 'm not see him anymore .
this really upset me , i want to be friend with him and i 'm willing to be but he seem to have cut me out so now i 'm not see other people either
really hate it .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 can i do/say ?
other people have cut me out because i 'm not with him anymore either !
this be what you do :
in future you make your own friend , not someone elses .
this be what you say :
oh well , life 's not over .
my ex cut me out as soon as he get a new gf even though he promise to be friend , and that be -CONST--0 month ago
so my best piece of advice be try to move on
its bloody hurtful and hard
at first i spend the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 -CONST--0 week cryingmy eye out not sleep , then it end up that i feel i have do something wrong and therefore he dump me
he let me blame myself and for week -CONST--0 keep think what if -CONST--1 have say this or done that , and then i find out him and his new gf be togther behind my back and i be nothing to do with it , .
so i think if you have like -CONST--0 other friend go out with them , maybe get a job or hobby and meet new people show him you dont care these boy love to think we be sit at home wait for their text which we might be but they cant know that
i have never do something like this before , but i have nobody to ask/ talk to for advice as i cant tell anybody i know
my ex boyfriend have be with me for about -CONST--0 month when he go to uni he cheat on me and dump me .
he be now in a official relationship with the girl he cheat on me with , becuase of this we have no speak since he dump me -CONST--0 month ago
it be a very very very bad break up
however when we do break up i be a bit of a idiot and beg him not to leave me becuase i be in love with -CONST--0 ,
however ive be feel ill for a few week and go -CONST--0 go to the doctor she say im potentially pregnant .
im freak out
yes i need to do a test but i dont know when as i cant let anybody find out ,
also i feel i cant tell nmy ex as he think everything -CONST--0 do be for his attention to gain him back ,
if i tell him i might be pregnant he willl assume im lie to break up him and his new gf which im not but i dont know what to do
im scare and i dont know how i can tell hiim without him accuse me of be a liar .
she say you 're " potentially pregnant "?
ENT_amr-unknown-0 kind of a doctor would say that without give you a test ?
do a test and get it all over and done with
how about you do a test first and then think of the how to approach it ?
...take it from one who know , no doctor be go to tell you that you might be pregnant , and then send you home to deal with it .
i do n't understand why you have n't do a pregnancy test .
they only cost about 3 or so .
get on and do it and then sort yourself out .
go straight to the doctor .
like get up and go now .
they 'll give you another test just to make sure ( however pregnancy test be rarely wrong when they read positive ) .
they will discuss -CONST--0 option with you and probably direct you towards some people who can give you counsel if you ask .
your option be obviously : termination , continue with pregnancy and have the child adopt , continue with pregnancy and keep the child .
first off , it 's best that i explain that i 've barely any experience with girl .
i 'm in my ENT_ordinal-entity-0 year of uni and i , um , ' open my account ' in the sexual world the other night with a girl at my student union .
we 've meet a few time before and have quite a few mutual friend , so she be n't a complete strange .
went back to hers for the night ( she choose that location because she have lecture the follow morning ) and think i handle the actual sex relatively well...
the problem i have lie in the aftermath .
i can be pretty insecure at time ( it 's a wonder i actually make it back to hers , because i be worry i be impose too much ) , and when i wake up i panic and say i have to go and get some work done ( which i genuinely do , although think back on it , it be a weak reason to leave ) .
she decide not to go in for her lecture ( which i eventually realised be probably a hint for me to stay for a bit ) and we have a pretty friendly chat whilst i collect my phone , key etc. together .
she even ask if i want her to come back to mine , but i refuse and say something stupid like ' nah it 's okay , have a lie in ', which i 've be kick myself for .
i just get myself into a panic and have a mental block .
so -CONST--0 leave , and sent her a light @-@ hearted text a couple of hour later apologising for leave so hastily and hope that she have a good night... and do n't get a response .
from here , i do n't know where to go .
to her , i probably come off as someone who do this all the ENT_temporal-quantity-0 , and she be just -CONST--0 girl on a list of -CONST--1 i 've have -CONST--2 night stand with .
i just feel like i be a bit clinical and almost rude , especially with her ask if i want her to come back with me .
all i want to do now be somehow show her that i 'm not an absolute prick , without seem too desperate or clingy .
i realise the error of my way , and have beat myself up over it massively ever since i leave hers...
i do n't think it 's a completely irretrievable situation , because she 's genuinely a lovely girl , and i reckon i can convince her i 'm not the womanising idiot she ( probably ) think i am... but my lack of experience with girl leave me with no idea what to do .
help , -CONST--0 ! ?!?
i see what you mean .
i 'd suggest give her another text ask perhaps to meet up - cinema , dvd , or grab a coffee @/@ lunch before lecture or something .
if she ignore this too then just move on to the next
then again , she mightn't want anything serious , so just go slow .
just text her and invite her to go out .
to clarify be you just look to ' have fun ' with the girl , or be you cool with the idea of go a little serious ?
i get the impression she like you and be maybe look for something a little bit serious than occasional banging..
i 'm not really sure , to be honest .
i kinda wanna take it -CONST--0 step at a time .
ask her out for a cuppa could be a good idea , although i do n't want to do that just as a way of say sorry .
i 'd rather clear the air first and show her that i know i make a mistake before get into anything else with her .
you complete bloody numpty
you have learn a valuable lesson
i 'm scared as to how he might react and it 's be -CONST--0 week and i 've still not find the perfect moment to tell him .
also i 'm afraid what if he do n't want to keep it when i really do .
although he 's a couple of year older than me ( -CONST--0 ) , he can act really immature , aggressive , and violent at ENT_temporal-quantity-0 .
my parent have come to term with it now after have little mini heart attack , it 's just ENT_amr-unknown-0 can i break it to him ?
i think you should break it to him gentally .
make sure your have a proper convo like one on one and eye contact , then break it to him .
remember it will be a shock to him but hopefully in the end he will pull though and surport you .
i do n't think there be a way to tell him other than just be straight to the point .
regardless of his reaction or personal feeling about pregnancy or abortion , he have a right to know .
talk to him about what you want to do and what he would like to happen .
if you agree , great . if you can n't then talk to your parent might be the next best thing .
well he ask you to get the morning after pill , do you say you would ?
if you agree to take the morning after pill but do n't then that 's quite unfair and he will be annoy .
it 's obvious he do n't want a baby because he be use contraception and even though it fail he do say he want you to take the morning after pill , so do n't be surprise if -CONST--0 do a runner .
you just have to be honest with him and hopefully he will take care of his responsibility .
you say your mum know ?
well break the news with her by your side then , hopefully your boyfriend won't get violent or anything .
give him time to digest the information .
it will come as a shock , particularly if you think you 'd play it safe .
i know you say you do n't think you could have an abortion , but it 's important to talk thing through with him and decide what 's best to do for both of you and , most importantly , for the baby .
yeah i 'll tell you guy tomorrow i 'm just afraid as he 's prone to act violent at time .
+ he tell me to take the pill and i do n't and he 's gonna be like ' wtf there 's no way i can support a child at -CONST--0 and that you should n't be have a kid as you 're not even -CONST--1 yet blah blah blah '...
so i 'll just tell him he do n't have to be involve with our child financially and i just want him to be there for it as a fatherly figure ( which i doubt he can commit to ) as my parent can support us anyways .
this be go to sound harsh and i understand it be your body , but i be go to be brutally honest .
get an abortion .
firstly , you may want to keep it , but think about it in the long run .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 kind of life will the baby live ?
you be still a kid yourself , around -CONST--0 @/@ -CONST--1 i would assume .
i doubt you will be able to give it a good life .
also your boyfriend .
i doubt he will be happy and most of the time , boy in this situation will bail .
he be -CONST--0 , i doubt he have any long term plan to stay with you .
by keep the baby you be pretty much be selfish .
yeah its your body , but there be -CONST--0 people you need to think about :
1. the baby . i can almost guarantee you will not be able to give the baby a good life because of how young you be , and i doubt the father will stay .
2. your boyfreind . he be -CONST--0 , you be drag him down for life at such a young age by keep it .
actually -CONST--0 people .
yourself . you may end up regret it in the long run .
have a baby be a huge responsibility .
this be child have children .
do everyone a favor and have an abortion .
harsh but true .
you will just end up add to the long and miserable statistic .
edit : cant believe i be actually negged for this . truth ****ing hurt .
i 'm confuse , i love him or i think i do so ENT_amr-unknown-0 am i turn off him now ?
he admit to me that he be bisexual we be talk about ex 's and he tell me about one ex who be another guy .
i be shock and ask him why he do n't tell me before , he say he do n't see a reason to tell me because he like me a lot .
he should have tell me , i 'm turn off at the thought of him with other guy and be sexually attract to another guy .
will this feel go away or shall i break up ?
do n't feel guilty for feel like that .
nothing wrong with be bi , but just as bi 's have a taste for guy and girl , some people do n't have a taste for bi 's , if you know what i mean ?
if you 're really into him stick around , maybe it 's just the shock that 's make you feel this way .
maybe wait a few day and see how the news settle with you before make a decision ?
everyone have a past , to judge him on his would be unfair if you love him .
but if it turn you off or you can n't come to term with it then its probably best to break it off .
either way , give yourself a few day to think about it -CONST--0 if you 're not sure .
i 've suffer with excess body hair since i be young , and i be bully because of it through primary @/@ secondary school and now be unable to wear tshirts etc in public because of how paranoid i be about it .
i go to the doctor because of it when i be around -CONST--0 , and they do a blood test but it come back normal so i assume i do n't have NE_disease-0 .
i have very hairy arm for a girl , not thick hair like a male but lot of very noticable , dark and long ( -CONST--0 bleach regularly but it only last -CONST--1 day or -CONST--2 before the root be noticable ) .
i have never shave them because i shave my leg and get terrible ingrown hair , even though i moisturise @/@ exfoliate etc.
i 've try wax but it only last -CONST--0 day before the hair begin to grow back , so it 's really not worth it .
anyway i check out review and after shop around i decide to get the 350 NE_machine-0 permanent hair reduction machine .
the review be on the whole very good , it come with -CONST--0 flash ( it take between -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2 flash to do my arm each time i think ) and you need applicator gel which be 3 .
it appear to do exactly the same thing as you would get in a laser clinic , but cheaper and mean i will be able to target any miss hair you might get go to a clinic and it 's obviously private/convenient .
the sale assistant in NE_company-0 be very helpful , and assure me i could get a no @-@ quibble refund if i find it do n't work but she assure me it will .
i 'm go to use it on my arm first of all , because this be the area that affect me the most confidence wise , but will gradually move on to other area .
for permanent hair reduction -CONST--0 will need to use the machine -CONST--1 a week for between -CONST--2 @-@ -CONST--3 week ( although -CONST--4 will probably need ENT_temporal-quantity-0 week ! ) and will start use it tonight .
i 'm quite sceptical over whether it will work but because i 'm confident i can return it , i think it be worth the risk .
i know other girl on here have the same issue with excess body hair , so will monitor the hair reduction over the -CONST--0 week course to let you know how it go incase anyone else be think of buy one
week 1: shave my arm and zap them today , do it in -CONST--0 separate go ( take around -CONST--1 mins to do each arm ) and my sister do them for me just because certain angle be tricky to get to .
on a pain scale i 'd give it -CONST--0 @/@ -CONST--1 ( just feel like a hot , tingle sensation for about -CONST--2 second then fade ) .
will update what the regrowth be like next saturday .
week 2: had to shave my arm again last night all over , hair regrowth not as course or fast as expect but still widespread .
just finish zap them again but this time do it myself , find it to be much quicker .
i be think of buy one of these because i just think it would be the best thing ever to never have to shave my bikini area again !
let us know how you get on !
if this work well i would definitely buy one , i hate shave and my arm be quite hairy as well ( i do n't shave or bleach them but i be self conscious ) , so i 'd love to be hair free forever .
-CONST--0 let us know how you get on
thank for do this , op.
i 've be debate whether to get one of these machine too .
i really hope it work for you .
i hope it work too !
i suffer from excess body hair and would love for a machine that could get rid of it !
be there any way you can use this kind of thing on your face ?
i assume goggle would be necessary but it would be really nice if it be possible .
i have be look both at this and the NE_product-0 , which be a little more expensive , but i keep think it 's too much of an expense for something that i 'm not -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 sure will work .
look forward to hear what your result be like for this , as i 'd love to be able to buy something that would mean i would n't have to shave every -CONST--0 day in the summer !
without any cosmetic enhancement .
tip ? hint ?
in an ideal world i 'd like to hit a -CONST--0 @/@ -CONST--1 .
i ask this because i want to start ' mingle '.
i 'd like to look like ' something special ' for once .
style your hair and cloth help a lot .
a -CONST--0 , almost every girl wear -CONST--1 .
some nice accessory would help too .
dye your hair a ridic colour .
wear really weird earring .
wear clash colour !
bright red ( or orange , or any colour , if you 're confident enough ) lippy .
im really pale and sick of use fake tan...coming out patchy and smell like curry be awful !
i have load of freckle over my body so it doesnt even look nice natural !
i want to start use sunbeds...not to often but just to build a nice natural tan !
but when i go on holiday i burn really easily so i be wonder whether i would burn if i go on the sunbeds or if i build it up it would be gradually get my skin to go tan ?
do n't use sunbeds .
pale freckly skin be lovely , and sunbeds be really dangerous and just not good for you .
sunbeds be very dangerous , especially with regular use and for people with naturally pale complexion , and you say you have ' freckle ' all over your body .
some of these may be mole and so it 's just not safe .
invest in a proffessional fake spray tan - there be more and more salon .
or just be pale and beautiful as i be
i be so confuse and annoy !
my NE_product-0 be perfect for my face a couple of month ago but now my face look dull and...muddy/ashy ?
also my face and chest have a ridiculous colour difference .
i googled NE_product-0 just now and the girl actually look around my skin tone :/
be it possible to go from NE_product-0 to nc45?
my problem be where i should match my foundation to .
my face be medium , my neck slightly dark and my chest so pale ( compare to face and arm ) it 's unbelieveable .
i would actually call my chest an nc 44 .
so ENT_amr-unknown-0 do i do ?
i feel i would look ghostly if i use NE_product-0 but then my chest and face would be the same , help !
yes i have to different NE_foundation-0 because my skin change all the time .
i would suggest go to the counter and ask them to match you again .
someone say that NE_product-0 @/@ 35 be meant to be a good shade for ( brown/black ) people who find themselves change shade
if you match it to your chest would n't your neck look weird though ?
i would always say to match to your face as your natural colour will always suit you best .
i 'm very pale NE_ethnic-group-0 and my chest be dark than my face , if -CONST--0 be to match to my chest -CONST--1 'd just look a bit mucky , like -CONST--2 have n't wash in week , and -CONST--3 think that if your foundation do n't completely blend into your natural skintone along your jawline you can look like you 're wear a mask .
i recommend get colour matched to your jawline and then adjust with bronzers/highlighters .
-CONST--0 get my nose pierce a couple of week ago with a stud .
it 's not a bone so it be literally just a stud , similar to earring .
because of this be fall out all the time as theres nothing inside to keep it in place .
i want to change to an l @-@ shape stud , but i 'm worry it won't go in easily because i 've have it pierce with a straight stud .
any advice ?
ENT_amr-unknown-0 the hell do they pierce you with a straight stud ?
go back to the piercer and ask for it to be change or find a piercer who will , they should be able to swap it without any fuss .
i have mine pierce with a straight stud , it be flip awkward .
do n't do what i do though , and change it before the -CONST--0 week or whatever , as you will probably get an infection which come up as a nasty wart thing on your nose . d :
the l @-@ shape stud be different to put in to the straight one , but if you get the technique right , once you do it correctly , you can do it again .
you put the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 bit of the l shape in the hole , make sure you can feel the tip of the end on the inside of your nose .
then press firmly , twist slightly upwards and it should slide in .
if you still have trouble , just go see the piercer and they 'll put it in for you
i notice i be get these permanent forehead line and that my face be a bit dry .
i decide to use some moisturizer and its help .
do many other guy choose to moisturize ?
i use NE_product-0 for men :-)
the ENT_temporal-quantity-0 wash on my face , the exfoliating scrub -CONST--0 -CONST--1 week , and the anti @-@ shine moisturiser on a daily basis ( at least ) .
i have try the cheaper NE_brand-0 and NE_brand-1 , and i think they make my skin feel worse .
i use cheap generic moisturiser after shave because my skin get dry and sometimes tender after shave .
i only do it after a shave because otherwise the facial hair stop it from melt into the skin properly .
any moisturiser label as ' aftershave balm ' or ' aftershave lotion ' or ' for men ' etc. be just a big rip off .
it be exactly the same stuff as cheap moisturiser but it be market towards meathead guy who think that moisturiser be ' liek so gay '.
NE_lotion-0 be around 3 @-@ -CONST--0 for a tiny -CONST--1 ml bottle wheras you can get a big -CONST--2 ml bottle of generic stuff for about -CONST--3 pound that have exactly the same effect .
this be just the modern day version of the old ' mansize tissue ' market one @-@ two .
" oh , it have the word ' man ' in it so it be n't gay anymore "
i have grade -CONST--0 acne and it be particularly bad when i ' overwashed ' so i be compel to wash less and to start moisturising ( NE_product-0 , after wash or shave ) in my late teens .
i also use moisturising shower gel or i get bacne , nice
result be my skin be smoother than it be on some teenage girl ! -
go down well with the lady and -CONST--0 look a lot young than my ENT_temporal-quantity-0 , though that 's probably more to do with genetics eh
anyone else get one ?
i be very impress after last month NE_product-0 fiasco...
i get the NE_nail-0 polish in NE_nail-1 NE_lipgloss-0 NE_lash-0 strip lash NE_oil-0 regenerate body oil and NE_product-0 .
what do you all think !
i think that be well worth 10 .
sound good .
i like the idea of the glossy box and be go to sign up a couple of month ago . but i be worry incase i end up with a load of stuff -CONST--0 just wont use .
the NE_product-0 sound good !
i want to sign up but i 'm worry i 'll get a load of rubbish too :/
i try to order a maxi dress online last night from NE_person-0 , but when i enter my detail , i be told the order have n't go through .
so i try inputting my detail -CONST--0 more , to no avail....
so imagine my horror to see that i 'd be charge -CONST--0 time for an item that have n't go through ? !
have anyone be in a similar situation ?
if so , ENT_amr-unknown-0 do you resolve it ?
any help would be appreciate
i read here somewhere that NE_person-0 have go bust ?
i do n't know if they be just close the store or both but i think you should see if they have a number you can call .
i would also call your bank .
i just shave all my hair off and i 'm feel good .
i think i might buy a lace front wig tomorrow though .
my hair be badly damage , it 's something that have to be do , it feel so weird .
i 've always want to do this but never have the courage .
congratulation !
i too would buy a lace front wig if i do it but they 're so damn expensive and time consume to put on .
i do not know whether to buy a foundation primer - they be very expensive , be almost the same price as the foundation ( for example NE_primer-0 foundation primer ) .
are they actually worth it ?
do they make a real difference to your skin , or be it just a market ploy ?
do anyone have any they would recommend ?
thank you in advance !
they 're definitely worth it , but i do n't wear a primer every day so i suppose i 'm willing to pay a bit more for them .
i only really wear a primer if i 'm go out .
depends what your skin be like , really .
as a general rule , if your skin be n't totally perfect , or if it 's a bit oily , then a primer be go to make your foundation last a lot long and look a lot better .
i never use to use it , but in the last few week -CONST--0 've really see a difference .
would you get , or do you know anybody who have get a NE_book-0 tattoo anywhere on their body ?
if you 're confuse ( though i can n't see why you would be ) this be what i be talk about
and there be many , many more...
now , i be as much of a NE_book-0 fan @-@ geek as the next person , but i would never dream of get a huge NE_book-1 montage on my body .
imo , while i do love NE_book-0 and have grow up with it etc. etc. , i know when i be 40+ year old i will look back upon the tattoo and wonder what make me decide to get it .
i can understand why people would want to get it do - it 's declaration of their love for NE_book-0 and stuff , but i personally would n't ever get a NE_book-1 tattoo .
some small quote @/@ symbol do n't look too bad , but that 's just because i can appreciate the sentiment behind it .
but , while i think they do look pretty cool on other people , i know it be just a phase for me and that 's why i would never have it do .
any think or opinion ?
have anyone actually have one done or be think about get one done ?
it 's your body , up to you what you put on it .
sure you will get some funny look and people will judge you .
kind of like those NE_book-0 tattoo 's middle age women get , i find that more disturbing than young people get NE_book-1 tattoo 's - they will probably look back when they be -CONST--0 @/@ -CONST--1 @/@ -CONST--2 and remember their childhood .
yet these people who get the tattoo 's aged 30+ already.... that 's another story .
yeah , i mean , it 's one thing to proclaim yourself as a fan of NE_book-0 , and another thing entirely to parade around as poster for it
tbh , most of what people get be just for the sake of get a NE_book-0 tattoo , not necessarily because of the mean or symbolism behind it...
never.. they do realise that in 50+ year ENT_temporal-quantity-0 , they 're still go to have " NE_thing-0 " tattoo on them..?
imagine try to explain that to your children @/@ grandchildren " yes , i do get a tattoo of something from a fiction book..."
i would never get it myself , but i would definitely love to meet a person who would and be their friend lol....devotion to the next level
i wonder how outdate we will think NE_book-0 be -CONST--0 year ENT_temporal-quantity-0
so after wear glass for about -CONST--0 year now , i think its finally ENT_temporal-quantity-0 to get contact .
i would seriously appreciate some advise from people who use contact already plz ! !
so there be these NE_company-0 one which seem to be quite cheap :
and in contrast there be these one that they sell @ NE_company-0 :
^^^ be almost double the price .
so my question be :
a ) mite sound a bit stupid but would my vision be better with the more expensive one ?
b ) are the ENT_temporal-quantity-0 -CONST--0 better than the -CONST--1 ( as they be cheaper )
c ) say if -CONST--0 do get weeklies/monthlies , can i sleep @/@ go to the shower with them ?
d ) finaly , ENT_amr-unknown-0 shop @/@ website do you recommend and some buy advise would be realy good plz ! !
i 'd recommend go to -CONST--0 optician ENT_ordinal-entity-0 , you need to know your exact prescription , and whether anything else need to be look at , e.g. astigmatism , whether you 'd suit wet one or drier lens .
i prefer the daily one , as there 's no hassle of clean and store -CONST--0 .
you can shower in lens , but i would n't recommend sleep in them .
i 've do it a couple of ENT_temporal-quantity-0 by accident , and -CONST--0 wake up in pain because they 'd move around back and sort of fold over under my eyelid .
i personally would n't go for the cheapest one .
my eye and my teeth be the only thing i do n't skimp on , because it 's so ridiculously expensive when thing go wrong with -CONST--0 that it 's just better to take very good care of them from the start .
hi all , essentially , i 'm look for a " cover @-@ up " ( for lack of a better word ) i can wear ENT_temporal-quantity-0 .
i be wonder be primer alone suitable for this ?
the thing be i do n't like to wear foundation at all ( my face feel weird ) .
with regard to tint moisturiser , i have NE_company-0 's tinted moisturiser - it 's okay but i prefer to use it for night 's out or special event .
somehow it still feel heavy on my face .
be there a much light tined moisturiser out there ?
any advice or tip for what would be suitable for me to wear and brand ?
i 'd prefer to keep away from foundation if possible .
thank you !
i know what you say about foundation , but try NE_product-0 .
it 's really light , then use a powder brush to put a light dust of a press powder .
if you 're just look for a blemish cover , NE_company-0 do a blemish stick which cover a multitude of sin .
make sure you remove any make up with a good non greasy cleanser if you do n't want pizza face
primer do n't usually give any coverage .
tint moisturiser give a little , but imo do n't do much at all and i do n't like the feel and texture on my skin .
i use a NE_product-0 as it be ok , but slightly greasy
i 'd just get a really light foundation e.g. NE_product-0
do you remember that movie that be based on nothern NE_book-0 by NE_person-0 ?
ENT_amr-unknown-0 come they never make a sequal ?
i be shocked..there be so much hype when it come out...it be so anticipated...x
well in the series of NE_person-0 book , the next one in the sequence be call NE_book-0 , i guess they would make a film of that rather than call it -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 -CONST--3 .
i imagine they would n't make a sequel because the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 film be n't very good .
if they even think of call it " -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 -CONST--3 ", i will go into NE_thing-0 .
it piss me off enough that they change -CONST--0 -CONST--1 to -CONST--2 -CONST--3 -CONST--4 for no apparent reason as it be , let alone ****ing up -CONST--5 rest of -CONST--6 trilogy .
the film sell well in NE_continent-0 but poorly in NE_continent-1 , as a lot of religious group see the film as anti @-@ NE_religious-group-0 @/@ religion and so it get a lot of bad press .
the NE_country-0 market be what matter ( afterall , they take the american title of the book , not the original title ) , so all plan for a sequel be can .
not to mention that NE_broadcast-program-0 strip off all the reference to religion it possibly could , but that 's pretty much impossible in the sequel .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 can you kill NE_person-0 without any religious context ?
so if there be bad press for the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 film it 'd only get a -CONST--0 time worse by the time the last film come out .
to many fan it 's difficult to see how NE_broadcast-program-0 could 've even carry the series forward since it leave out a lot of the important part of the magesterium that be develop in the sequel .
in short , if there be ever to be a NE_trilogy-0 'll have to be from a NE_country-0 film production company who do n't care what the NE_country-region-0 think .
it would 've be nice if someone decide to take it on after the NE_film-0 craze die down , but since it 's be try -CONST--0 and fail -CONST--1 think it 's go to be -CONST--2 good few year ( -CONST--3 or so ? ) before anyone think of touch it again .
hopefully if it happen they 'll do a NE_broadcast-program-0 and film it in -CONST--0 big go rather than wait to see if the box office figure validate a sequel . :/
i do n't either but i can see why he 's do it .
NE_person-0 be re @-@ release NE_work-of-art-0 with -CONST--0 additional minute of footage .
people might think it 's a waste of effort , but those -CONST--0 minute will no doubt bring him at least , a few more -CONST--1 $$$ in the bank , just like this 3d crap will for NE_person-0 .
depends on the film , i think it be interest to see NE_work-of-art-0 in 3d , but no other movie since have interest me in 3d ( NE_work-of-art-1 in 3d be a joke )
on the subject NE_work-of-art-0 , as a massive fan since i be a child this sadden me as i would like the film to be leave as they be . ( say that i do agree with the remastering they do for the -CONST--0 th anniversary...)
though be the whore that i am... i will probably splash the cash to watch NE_work-of-art-0 on the big screen again...
NE_city-district-0 money @-@ grabber cash in while contribute to destroy new technology - shocker .
i also disagree with people ENT_amr-unknown-0 would say " ENT_amr-unknown-1 not ? ".
artistic integrity , for instance .
it would be far more appeal to see those film fully remastered in NE_thing-0 , rather than a tacky bandwagon jump , and it would still rake in money .
the problem be " good " be still a long way off the kind of image audience expect .
without the force , an after @-@ conversion will never even begin to look good .
if you have -CONST--0 film , which be n't release in their in @-@ universe chronological order originally , would n't you want to change it for any subsequent release ?
the prequels would definitely be improve with 3d , because like NE_work-of-art-0 they 're all about spectacle and explosion and the " plot " be really just there to string the spectacle and explosion along for -CONST--0 hour .
you can n't tell me you would n't want to see , say , the open battle in NE_work-of-art-0 in 3d ?
that be awesome enough in the cinema anyway , but it could really be enhance by NE_company-0 do their thang .
i be less optimistic about the core film be convince in 3d , because as much as i love their visual effect , they be design -CONST--0 year before people even begin talk about the possibility of 3d as it have be realised today .
they have hold up very well because the story and character be strong , not because the visual effect be up to much , revolutionary though they be at the time .
still , this be NE_company-0 we 're talk about here , hopefully all six film will come out look pretty good .
however what i really want be a NE_product-0 collection of all -CONST--0 .
hurry the **** up , NE_person-0 .
have anyone hear of this film ?
it star , among others , NE_person-0 , NE_person-1 , NE_person-2 and NE_person-3 .
it have receive some amaze review .
it be go to be officially release here in the NE_country-0 -CONST--0 year in -CONST--1 , but it be go to be show at the NE_festival-0 next month .
i read the screenplay a while ago .
a lot of visual potential but a little weak in the storytelling department .
hopefully NE_person-0 have be able to turn it around , though i 'm not really dig the trailer - NE_work-of-art-0 anyone ?
it have NE_person-0 kiss NE_person-1 in one scene .
it 's safe to say the film will attract viewer .
id play a video game call the NE_game-0 but there be already a film come out .
for those , ENT_amr-unknown-0 have watch it . ENT_amr-unknown-1 be the feedbacks ?
plan to see the movie alone
i think it look awful , personally .
i really can n't stand that actress because she play the most annoy character ever , and her character in NE_work-of-art-0 really grate in just the trailer .
not to mention that the script sound horrendous .
i have n't see it though...
i be gonna ask if i be the only one who thought this , but a quick google search of ' NE_broadcast-program-0 racist ' answer that question .
was the film racist ?
was it intentional , to add to the vapid ignorance of the character ?
was it intentional pro @-@ NE_country-0 propaganda ?
or be i , and many critic , make something out of nothing ?
thought NE_publication-0 ?
it be kinda insult to their culture .
but the whole thing be exaggerate for the purpose of enhance the storyline , e.g the clash between NE_person-0 's rampant sexuality and the " cover up " stereotype of NE_world-region-0 country .
i do n't think anybody should get on their high horse about it , people only insult it because it 's NE_broadcast-program-0 , nobody give a **** about stuff like that in other film .
i be watch NE_work-of-art-0 and i realised how some of the thing in the film apply to me eg push yourself away from people because you 're scare that they 'll find you imperfection etc.
that really get me think about my life and what i need to change so if you have any film that have change you personally or have make you change your outlook on life then plz share .
if you 're think , think about something useful and interesting which will get you somewhere : maths .
i agree there 's more than education .
if you do n't want to think , you could get waste or do something else etc.
if you 're spend your time think , make it useful think , that 's all i 'm say .
NE_work-of-art-0 . NE_work-of-art-1 , i know a lot of people get hook up on the gore and ' sickness ' of it , but the whole point of that film be philosophy about life and it do get me think for a while .
actually it lead to a lengthy , involve discussion at uni in which someone end up cry . so definitely good for think about life .
and if you 're willing to watch something that be n't a film but still go in the dvd player , then any of the NE_person-0 stuff
if anyone have n't say NE_work-of-art-0 yet , then that get my vote !
i see the trailer for it and have yet to see the whole thing , but it look amaze .
and i do n't necessarily think this film be go to make you think hard about life , but.. i also recommend watch NE_work-of-art-0 .
it 's good if you 're into a film noir kinda thing .
cant believe no @-@ one have mention NE_work-of-art-0 , the only ENT_temporal-quantity-0 i have shed a tear infront of the tv since see NE_team-0 loose the NE_game-0 when i be -CONST--0 .
serious stuff , this movie be immense and have affect me more then any other film or tv show .
NE_broadcast-program-0 be pretty good as well as provide laugh .
i dont know if you genuinely believe this or if you be just try to act the adult .
a life have be spent entirely on academia whether it be maths or anthropology at the cost of miss essential human experience be the biggest waste of a life imaginable .
did anyone know ?
NE_product-0 page
the film be class comedy @-@ drama and be supposedly about the creator and the found of NE_company-0 .
NE_company-0 have be around for -CONST--0 year now and the question be , do it warrant a film ?
are the maker hope every NE_product-0 user . around -CONST--0 globally will watch the film ?
bit of a stupid idea how film production company will make a movie about this when there a far better movie script out there .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 not make a film about NE_product-0 ?
that 's get a better found story than NE_company-0 .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 be NE_person-0 in it ?
are they just try anything to make it big ?
i personally use NE_product-0 and think it 's a useful thing to have , but to be honest ENT_amr-unknown-0 would i want to see a film about it ?
i like see comedy , or thriller , or action films.. but a film about the founder of NE_company-0 ?
yeah -CONST--0 hear about that about -CONST--1 year ago when it ENT_ordinal-entity-0 go into production .
i 'm really interested to see what come of it give the cast and ( especially ) NE_person-0 direct with NE_person-1 scripting ! !!
the NE_organization-0 have announce that they will permit -CONST--0 nominee for the NE_category-0 instead of the usual -CONST--1 .
the reason behind the change be that the NE_organization-0 of fall rating , want to attract more popularity to NE_event-0 .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 do you think of this change ?
ENT_amr-unknown-0 would you do to make NE_event-0 more popular ?
or do you think the rise of the internet and etc will inevitably slowly kill off NE_award-0 ?
i 'm still fume about NE_product-0 not get an NE_award-0 .
similarly , i be still piss that NE_film-0 be award NE_award-0 last year .
it be a travesty !
it be good no doubt , but the best ?
the judge panel just jump on the bangwagon surround the media hype .
i think NE_film-0 should have win the NE_award-0 award , but they do n't even nominate that film .
out of the nominate one , i think NE_product-0 be much better than NE_product-1 .
though NE_product-0 be pretty good as well .
( NE_film-0 and the NE_film-1 be crap.)
so in the last week , the new head of NE_organization-0 , NE_person-0 , have say :  all teacher should be qualify .
what an absolutely preposterous suggestion !
you mean to say that , as citizen of this great nation , our children should be teach by professional people who have go through the necessary rigmarole to be let loose in -CONST--0 school ?
ENT_amr-unknown-0 dare we expect that from our education system . and while we 're at it - ENT_amr-unknown-1 stop there ?
let 's round up our homeless and get them work in our hospital .
it 'll get them off the street and straight into promising career .
youth unemployment be rife at the moment so let 's get them pilot our aeroplane .
NE_airport-0 might even get its ENT_ordinal-entity-0 runway so we could do with a few more pilot .
i hear overcrowd in jail be a problem too - especially since the riot last summer .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 do n't we just convert the miscreant to our side by give them a uniform and a gun ?
they 're bound to see sense and start make our street safe instead of cause the trouble .
and lastly , with the NE_festival-0 holiday come up , young children will need something to keep them occupy .
maybe they can try write for a sunday tabloid - i hear there be vacancy at NE_publication-0 .
you may have sense my slight sarcastic undertone - although that last suggestion might not be such a bad idea .
call me naive , but i always assume that teacher be either qualify or train alongside someone qualify ?
it seem though that any old sod can do it .
be it any wonder then that the NE_country-0 's position in the international league table have slip ?
so despite sound incredibly obvious , mr NE_person-0 seem to have hit the nail on the head .
problem solve .
i 'm sure it come as a welcome suggestion to all the fully train , out @-@ of @-@ work teacher who struggle to get a job .
not to mention the one who have job and have work extremely hard to get there .
so until then - if you 're pass by your child 's school , you might want to pop your head around the classroom door .
just to make sure one of the dinner lady be n't also teach maths .
all teacher should be able to teach .
some piece of paper from a teach academy do not equate to , by definition , be capable of teach .
i think all we need to do be think of some teacher we have have to know this .
and at the same time i think we can all think of great teacher who have not have a piece of paper from a teacher train college .
with this notion of qualification there be an unholy alliance of -CONST--0 group of people .
the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 be the well intend sponsor who think enforce such rule will improve education by keep so call unqualified teacher out .
the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 be the special interest group , the teacher union , who want to keep competition out so they want a piece of paper that teacher need to have .
this piece of paper be just another barrier to entry for outsider and keep the incumbent teacher safe from competition .
the teacher union hate competition and they have do a very good job of fending off competition under the guise of the public interest
fortunately we have thing like the NE_product-0 now that be go to seriously screw those monopolistic selfish bastard over .
suck on that educational establishment .
this be a story about NE_political-party-0 on NE_newspaper-0
-CONST--0 : //www.dailymail.co.uk/news/arti....html#comments
unsurprisingly the most liked comment defend the NE_political-party-0 , the rest all praise the NE_political-party-1 , whether it be in a stealthy way or openly ( most of the " best rate " comment openly support the NE_political-party-2 ) .
majority of the " worst rate " comment on that site criticise the NE_political-party-0 .
i conclude that most of the reader of that paper be NE_political-party-0 sympathisers or supporter .
p.s i would have be for the NE_political-party-0 if they just be n't racist or present themselves as a " NE_religious-group-0 party which support -CONST--0 value ", some of their policy e.g " get out of NE_country-0 ", " stop be NE_country-1 's poodle ", " kick out muslims who dont integrate ", " eradicate NE_religious-group-1 fundamentalism from britian " e.t.c really interest me .
i wish liberal support the policy i mention
while i too think most of their reader be racist , i think for the majority they be more " friendly " racist than " NE_political-party-0 " racist .
by friendly i mean that while they harbour racist view , they be perfectly polite to anyone of any race and do n't go around be openly racist or discriminate against individual .
still not a great quality to have , but nowhere near the level of vitriole as the NE_political-party-0 .
i would n't compare them directly to the NE_political-party-0 - most of the reader be white middle class people who find many of the change in society scary and the NE_newspaper-0 give them stereotype to blame without use too complicated language .
whilst it 's an awful paper , compare its entire readership to some of the monster in the NE_political-party-0 be wrong .
-CONST--0 post in this thread all discussion relate to the recent rise in tension between the NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 over the issue of the sovereignty of the NE_island-0 .
NE_country-0 be grow quite rapidly compare to the NE_country-1 , but that be beside the point .
if NE_country-0 be to launch a surprise attack and take the island 's airfield , then NE_country-1 would be effectively unable to retaliate due to lack of an aircraft carrier .
keep pretend everything be fine , though .
NE_country-0 - yes .
NE_country-0 's arm force - no.
NE_country-0 launch a surprise attack ?
well , it would certainly be surprising , not least to the member of their arm force use the same kit they do in ' 82 .
they 'd be astonish to learn that they have suddenly discover the requisite experience , train and equipment to make such a land possible .
not to mention we have the southern hemisphere 's most capable attack aircraft station on the fis .
yes , we 're without an aircraft carrier , mean we cannot retaliate in the same way we do in ' 82 .
however , this do not mean we cannot retaliate .
we 've prove that the NE_aircraft-type-0 can fly from NE_island-0 to the falklands .
the NE_military-0 can still launch a task force that would , if allow to fight openly , utterly decimate the NE_country-0 navy and we retain the ability to launch NE_product-0 directly through NE_person-0 's window should we wish .
they would have to be suicidal .
pretty cool eh ?
ENT_amr-unknown-0 do people think about in @-@ vitro meat ?
would you eat it ?
as a matter of interest to the vegetarian and vegan out there , if it be n't mix with blood , and be simply stem @-@ cell grown , would you eat it
( i can see why vegan might be oppose , but i 'm unsure about vegetarian )
if it benefit my health then i would probably eat it .
sound interest . though i doubt they 'll be able to replicate the taste of a good bit of beef any time soon .
for fast food place where the meat they use be terrible anyway it should n't affect thing much .
it might be the key to the survival of the human race .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 do vegetarian view this ?
all the thing they could research to do with stem cell and they come up with this ?
time be run out for the NE_regional-group-0 to return home .
these people be illegally remove from their homeland to make way for the NE_country-0 military base on NE_island-0 , lease to the NE_country-1 from the NE_country-2 for a -CONST--0 year period , which could be renew for a further -CONST--1 year in -CONST--2 , if the NE_country-3 so wish .
i 'd urge anyone to watch this video for deep understand of this atrocity : - -CONST--0 : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v=1ocqqn_uoiy
if you be short of ENT_temporal-quantity-0 -CONST--0 take a few minute to watch this : - -CONST--1 : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v=qflhb_skmig
after witness these event , i hope us educate tsrians have the view that democracy should prevail , and no one should be forcibly remove from their home .
not many know about these atrocity , but help spread the word .
and -CONST--0 sign this petition to raise awareness , and hopefully ( yes , be very hopeful here ) it will one day be debate in the NE_government-organization-0 . -CONST--1 : //epetitions.direct.gov.uk/petitions/4685
thank you .
i sign it .
with all the stuff go with the NE_island-0 , i think this make the NE_country-0 seem a bit hypocritical .
i 'll sign the petition if you remove the highlight part from your post .
it 's inflammatory and a cheap attack on coalition force .
when actual innocent civilian do die it 's regretable , but we both know that they be n't the intend target .
you clearly put that there to win brownie point with the anti @-@ war crowd despite this issue have nothing at all to do with the conflict in NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 and infact bomber operation out of NE_island-0 completely cease over -CONST--0 year ago .
i happen to watch a news review on NE_organization-0 this morning in which a bunch of journo 's be bleat on that we should n't condemn all the " innocent " and hard work journalist at NE_organization-1 just because a whole bunch of hack at NE_organization-2 be arrested...
because that would cause untold damage to the whole media industry .
oh poor them .
this be precsisely , be it not ? , what the whole media have be do to the bank industry for the last -CONST--0 year or so ?
total hypocrisy .
it be important to seperate the innocent from the guilty in both industry but it 's ironic that the paper have be sell copy by basically tar all banker with the same brush and slagging them off mercilessly for ENT_temporal-quantity-0 .
isnt NE_organization-0 own by NE_organization-1 which be own by NE_organization-2 or something ?
it doesnt surprise me though , let hope NE_person-0 go down .
the media condemn banker be akin to a witch hunt , NE_person-0 be give just a 6.5m bonus in ENT_date-entity-0 yet jpmorgan 's top executive be pay $ 21m that ENT_date-entity-1 .
NE_person-0 be employ because of his excellent show of skill after his success in safely defuse the explosive capital @-@ market business of NE_organization-0 .
the media seem to have mix up the man responsible for the merge with NE_company-0 with the man responsible for fix the failure of NE_company-1 .
moral of the story : the media will always present news in a way which forward their view , it 's that simple .
i recently come across -CONST--0 story , one about a NE_person-0 in the NE_country-0 who be arrest and sentence to up to -CONST--1 year for have an " affair " with a -CONST--2 year old girl , and another where a woman in NE_state-0 be give up to -CONST--3 year for have sex with a -CONST--4 year old boy .
for the sake of argument , let say a -CONST--0 year old woman be have sex with a -CONST--1 year old boy and similarly a -CONST--2 year old man be have sex with a -CONST--3 year old girl .
i can n't think of a good reason ENT_amr-unknown-0 either of these scenario should be worse than the other , but deep down i seem to feel that the first scenario be n't that serious at all .
in order to give a reason as to why they be different i 'd have to admit a difference in free will between young guy and girl , which be hard to do .
but for some reason it almost seem like the -CONST--0 year old man be some sort of predator whereas the -CONST--1 year old woman be only misguide .
in keep with this the -CONST--0 year old girl be take advantage of whereas the -CONST--1 year old boy be lucky .
note that in both case the sex be consensual , obviously not legally , but in the sense that there be n't any physical compulsion .
so i 'm not say if a -CONST--0 year boy be forcibly touch by a woman it would be ok .
i have a discussion about this with my girlfriend , she think both be serious .
i agree , but also seem to have this almost sexist view that the boy be really hurt at all .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 do you guy think ?
be it sexism or be sex between teenage boy and older woman just fundamentally different ?
i think it seem less serious because -CONST--0 @-@ year @-@ old boy talk about have sex with an " older woman " as if it be an achievement .
whereas to a -CONST--0 @-@ year @-@ old girl , if an older man be interested in her she 'd consider -CONST--1 a dirty pervert .
therefore it seem unlikely that the girl consent , whereas most would believe the boy would be very much up for it .
well suppose the -CONST--0 year old girl feel the guy love her and want to have sex with him .
it still seem that it 's worse because for some reason i 'd think the man have manipulate her in some way whereas in the other case i would n't really feel the boy have be dupe .
i think this be n't a good way to think about it but it seem fairly prevalent .
yes , i see that .
my point be , people would n't believe that . that 's why it seem worse .
girl : " but i want sex with him ! " - most would assume she be brainwash , groom .
boy : " but i want sex with her ! " - most would assume that yes , he probably do .
anyone else think it 's a bit ridiculous that this man actually get arrest for make a monkey gesture ?
it do n't hurt anyone , and whilst it may be offensive to some , surely this be n't an arrestable offence ?
i mean , ENT_amr-unknown-0 's the line between un @-@ pc and illegal ?
no , i do n't think it be ridiculous .
whilst no one want to stop banter , the intention of this be clear : to cause offence .
it be disgraceful and totally unacceptable .
criminal charge + lifetime ban from all ground methinks .
i 'm a NE_team-0 fan and there can be no excuse for this behaviour .
i hope he be ban from football for life ( not just NE_sports-facility-0 ) .
i honestly do n't understand racist people .
no he should have be arrest .
i hope the NE_league-0 ban him from all match for life , and the court give him a suspend sentence and some kind of community service .
what i do n't understand be in the NE_film-0 , -CONST--0 of the detective , who be white , call NE_person-0 , who be also white , a monkey .
now , unless i 'm miss something here , i 'm pretty sure NE_person-0 be n't black , and monkey mean black person , do n't it ?
so ENT_amr-unknown-0 be this detective use the word ' monkey ' for if it be n't to mean black person ?
i 'm terribly confuse .
it 's short but if you do n't want to read it basically a guy in the NE_country-0 have be arrest for agree to meet up with and have sex with a " -CONST--0 year old girl " who be actually an undercover cop...
surely this be entrapment ?
he do n't actually do anything because they basically lead him into the situation ?
sure , it would be a crime if he have actually do this with a -CONST--0 year old and something have happen when they meet up...
but the american police have basically create this whole scenario and lead him into it , feed him along ?
this suggest to me that the police officer be the one who suggest everything...
coax him into it...
we do n't know the full story but i get the impression that this " -CONST--0 year old girl " offer him sex on a plate willingly....
would that be legal in this country ?
i mean i think it 's wrong that this guy would meet up with a -CONST--0 year old with the intent to have sex...
but fabricate the situation... you can n't arrest someone for something they have n't done... it 's just wrong...
am i the only one who think this be mess up ?
from previous similar story , what usually happen be that the undercover officer behind the screen be extremely passive ( as a normal young innocent teenager would probably be ) and then agree to meet up with the potential paedophile , if he show up at the place then he be guilty .
i see nothing wrong with this morally , he know the girl be -CONST--0 and still decide to meet her ( have previously state his intention through NE_product-0 ) .
if that be the case then i understand and agree , it 's just the way the article be write it sound as if the police officer be do a lot of the work , and it 's in NE_country-0 so different law to here .
they do this and it work , there be even a show about it .
to me its fine , if the suspect have to make a choice , ie leave his home and go to a location , then i do n't really care if he be encourage .
not that recent but it have go under the radar for month .
it 's graphic so that be why it be in spoiler .
strange that NE_publication-0 keep it up , but it 's not horrifically graphic like thing on NE_publication-1 .
story be basically that they be targeted for refuse to believe in NE_person-0 @/@ NE_person-1 as their saviour .
guess they do n't get the version with the execution part edit out ?
inb4 ''you can n't judge all NE_religious-group-0 on a remote village in kenya''
-CONST--0 'm not , i 'm just post it .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 planet be you on ?
go to the gore websites that dont restrict content and you 'll get so many thing about NE_continent-0 .
the majority of the world may be in the -CONST--0 st century but that crap hole be still in the dark age .
there 's nothing to stop these people what they 're do , either .
i imagine the town be either under the grip of religion , or too scared to protest simply because of the nature of these punishment .
another bullet point on the big list of thing atheist do n't do .
how NE_religious-group-0 of them !
it would be a bit silly to suggest only NE_religious-group-0 have do thing like this .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 do we think ?
will this mean a weak NE_country-0 ?
something that struck me watch a NE_broadcast-program-0 debate on this issue be the attitude of some NE_country-0 people , such as the obnoxious NE_newspaper-0 journalist on the panel , that NE_country-1 independence be good because then we would n't have to subsidise them for be poor .
he even make some kind of play on word involve the word " skint ".
NE_country-0 probably receive more than its fair share of NE_country-1 ENT_government-organization-0 spend in term of its share of the population .
i believe this be because it be , on average , poor than NE_country-0 .
the way some english people sneer at the NE_ethnic-group-0 for be poor and therefore receive more ENT_government-organization-0 spend would n't , i presume , be direct at poor area of NE_country-0 .
the north , NE_country-0 , the south @-@ west , east NE_city-0 and many other area of the NE_country-1 get more than their proportional share of spend , because they need it .
i think it 's wrong to resent the NE_country-0 poor for be NE_country-1 , because i 'm sure such complaint would n't be make about poor region of NE_country-2 .
i be also annoy by a woman in the audience who say NE_country-0 should be independent ( she be NE_country-1 ) because " all country should be independent ", include NE_country-2 and " NE_country-3 ".
this be such a simplistic view .
should NE_county-0 be independent ?
should NE_country-region-0 split from NE_language-0 @-@ speak NE_country-0 ?
should NE_country-0 join with the NE_country-1 ?
should NE_province-0 be independent ?
should the kurds be independent ?
should bavarian , or NE_world-region-0 , or sicilian , or catalan , or bosnian @-@ serbs , or NE_province-0 NE_country-0 have independence ?
load of place have their own history , culture , devolved ENT_government-organization-0 , language and so on .
just because NE_country-0 be an independent state -CONST--0 year ago , do n't mean it should be today .
the definition of " country " be more complex than that woman 's personal black and white judgement .
culturally i feel british and i want NE_country-0 to stay together .
but i recognise there be convince political and economic reason the NE_political-party-0 have for independence and i do n't think NE_person-0 's reponse on NE_broadcast-program-0 of " we 're stronger together " have enough real substance to it .
i support him , but NE_political-party-0 need to express in more real term ENT_amr-unknown-0 we 're stronger together .
another interest issue be the advantage to the NE_political-party-0 if NE_political-party-1 @-@ dominate NE_country-0 break away .
the NE_newspaper-0 guy make this point and NE_person-0 immediately quote number prooving that actually scottish mps have never be significant in the balance of power in the NE_government-organization-0 .
( take that sensationalist journalist who have n't get their fact straight ! )
and then there 's the issue of time .
it may well be tactical on the part of the NE_political-party-0 to wait until -CONST--0 , but i think it 's practical too .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 get the NE_aircraft-type-0 sub ?
ENT_amr-unknown-0 get the arm force ?
do NE_country-0 stay in the NE_organization-0 ?
do it keep the pound ?
ENT_amr-unknown-0 about their oil ?
do the NE_country-0 have a say ?
these be all in my view huge issue .
it 's the biggest decision in -CONST--0 year and it need to be make slowly i think .
give the NE_ethnic-group-0 -CONST--0 year to make NE_ethnic-group-1 mind up , because it 's not as simple as the NE_government-organization-0 want to make out .
i do applaud them though for try to get the legal issue sort out .
i be so tire of this debate , but i guess it 's go to keep crop up .
independence would be worse for both NE_country-0 and the rest of the NE_country-1 .
as NE_ethnic-group-0 be we really so different that we 'd toss aside the political , cultural and economic benefit of the union so that we can massage our own ego and yell " freedom ! "?
there be an NE_political-party-0 canvaser at my door today , so my mum decide to annoy him , and tell him she vote tory... for ENT_amr-unknown-0 he have no response and get all fluster , then when ask ENT_amr-unknown-1 party she would vote for in the next election she say she do n't vote for a NE_political-party-1 , she vote for a person , and he get confuse , then she say she would n't vote for independence , and he be genuinely surprise and do n't know what to say
the NE_political-party-0 seem to think that just because they win the election it mean that the whole country want independence , ENT_amr-unknown-0 actually they probably win the election because they want free prescription , free tuition , free care for the elderly etc. while other party be n't offer as much ( although , it do beg the question of ENT_amr-unknown-1 exactly all this money be come from ? )
now for a bit of intentional controversial and completely ignorant ' tar with the same brush ' type question :
be this what ' NE_country-0 ' people think ?
i know many people do n't think like this bitch but this be appaling .
should she have her kid take away from her ?
you see the other ' NE_country-0 ' woman do n't defend the others but be more concern with have to take care of her baby that be about to wake up , which mean -CONST--0 ' NE_country-1 ' woman be be racist , and the other ' NE_country-2 ' woman be just let it pass , be more worried about something else .
so do that mean that most ' NE_country-0 ' woman think like this ?
you also have to admit that the lady argue with the rave bitch have no reason to say ' we 're here because you do n't work , go find a job ', that 's wrong and a bit racist within itself .
the like to dislike ration on this video be around -CONST--0 @:@ -CONST--1 , ENT_amr-unknown-0 do that show ?
ENT_amr-unknown-0 do you think ?
if you allow her to have this opinion be it because you project the same feeling ?
ENT_amr-unknown-0 would be the point in argue with her ?
the women be so steep in her own ignorance it would take year to educate -CONST--0
she 's entitle to -CONST--0 own opinion .
someone should have just give -CONST--0 a slap just to shut her up
wow , she 's gonna be really piss in about -CONST--0 year . hahaha !
but seriously , if all NE_country-0 @/@ NE_country-1 people be like her.....why would anyone want to be english/british .
i actually think she have something wrong with her , whether she be on drug or drunk .
but she be slur a lot .
the fact she call nigeria... nygigreeah.... i think she be half with it...
no @-@ one in their right mind , start scream and swear like that , with their young child sat on their lap...
also , to say most NE_country-0 women think the same , be wrong .
i 'm a NE_country-0 woman and would never dream of acting like that .
you say the -CONST--0 other NE_country-0 lady do not stand up for the others , but...
1. she actually do , by tell the loud mouth cow to shut up .
2. although she should n't have to , ENT_amr-unknown-0 do you think she have to get involve ?
just because she be NE_country-0 ?
3. several other people , who be n't NE_country-0 do n't get involved... do that make them racist too..?
4. if i be in that situation , and i have a child with me , i would try my hard not to get involve , as it would n't be fair on my child .
but if the argue cause my child to be disturb , then i would have do the same and get involve .
i agree that what i have watch in this video be sicken , but i disagree with several point you have make .
and i would actually say some of your point be rather racist and offensive to NE_country-0 women .
you may be angry at what -CONST--0 have see , but that be no reason to group all NE_country-0 women as racist .
seem stab be become as regular as fart , soon there will be so many knife on the street it will bring back the NE_country-0 's steel make to what it be -CONST--0 year ago .
along with tougher sentancing i dont know what else could be do that would'nt upset the bleed heart liberal ( no pun intend )
i would rather be stab by a childish fool than be harass by the police on a ENT_temporal-quantity-0 basis .
edit : i will clarify - i would rather take the risk of be stab than have my freedom infringe on a regular basis .
do u know statistically ethnic minorites be more than likely to be stop and search .
just say that this kind of measure to stop and search anyone @- i do n't really see as appropriate .
recently NE_country-0 decide to ban the burka in public place in the interest of public security .
i both agree and disagree with this statement .
some women feel the burka empower them , but other feel trap by it .
so be it a public security issue or just some anti semetic judgement ?
be a piece of cloth wrong ? in ENT_amr-unknown-0 way ?
intimidate or force one into dress a particular way be wrong .
it have be say that if teenages cannot wear hoodies in shop as it conceal their identity why should somebody to wear a burka ?
i 'm a muslim and i do n't agree with much of what -CONST--0 say , but i can n't deny that he be a fantastic orator .
whether you agree with his view or not , you have to respect the man 's incredible intellect and sharp wit .
i happen to agree with his view on religion and so i must thank him for teach me an incredble amount of factual knowledge but more importantly , the ability to think critically .
i do n't have any NE_product-0 so -CONST--0 hope -CONST--1 glass of this NE_product-1 will suffice .
thank you for everything NE_person-0 .
you be truly my inspiration .
-CONST--0 be a NE_person-0 fanboi for -CONST--1 year or so and the fact this be actually really quite upset be a testament to just how good his write be , that he can have such an incredible impact on people life .
even the guy above who be a glad he be dead have be seduce by the NE_person-0 's write in that you either devote yourself to him or hate him above all else .
( that guy be obviously far too stupid to comprehend this though guy so best to just ignore him )
i be n't such a fan of his habit of preach opinion as truth , then again i 'm not a big fan of rhetoric in general .
nevertheless , he exercise his right to freedom of speech to the nth degree and give a lot of people strength in the process .
he will be miss .
a contrarian and freethinker until the end . he leave no one untouched...from NE_person-0 to NE_person-1 and NE_person-2 .
a fantastic orator , extremely well @-@ read and a sharp wit...
it 's a sad , sad loss .
we need more people that go out of their way to challenge the " false refuge of consensus " he have referred to and warn against seek .
i 'm come across so many good quote from him !
on NE_person-0 's do to the country what he can no longer do to his wife ."
on a tv NE_religious-group-0 : " if you give him an enema you could bury him in a matchbox ."
i may have support his anti @-@ religiousness but , whatever your opinion on it , you have to admire the courage of his conviction .
he only say what he think be right and , if we have more people around today like that ( namely in politics ) , the world would be a better place .
when i hear about his death this morning my mood completely shift .
his writing and speech be such a huge influence on me during those most tumultuous teenage ENT_temporal-quantity-0 , the ENT_temporal-quantity-1 in which -CONST--0 be " tentatively feel my way into the life of the freethinker " in the word of NE_person-0 , and serve as a brilliant rebuttal to the dogma i be be feed in NE_religious-group-0 school .
i have the pleasure of see NE_person-0 at the " NE_event-0 " last year here in NE_city-0 and in retrospect , i 'm glad i have that opportunity before his untimely , yet nonetheless inevitable demise .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 be the chance that tm ENT_amr-unknown-1 we wake up in the morning , we switch on to the news and see break news that NE_prince-0 have die after overnight heart problem
the guy be in his -CONST--0 's
what be the chance he survive this so far look very silm
i pray for his swift recovery and many more year of life and service to the NE_country-0 and NE_organization-0 .
much as i be fond of the royal family if he die i really hope we do n't end up see a load of scene that would not look out of place in NE_country-0 and a media circus .
it be about time someone remind all these naive women that no matter what your " right " be , you still have to take responsibility for your safety or sadly face the consequence .
edit : so... -CONST--0 -CONST--1 people would risk be rape rather than get a taxi ?
well do n't come cry to NE_publication-0 when you get a reality check .
it 's a sad fact of our society that you have to think ahead all the time to ensure your safety .
it should n't be - you should be able to dance down backalleys naked , drunk at -CONST--0 in the morning if you want to without anyone try to cause you harm , but unfortunately there be always those who will take advantage , so you should always watch your drink , stay within your limit and never ever wander off on your own .
oh thank NE_person-0 , someone talk sense .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 be we tell women not to get rape instead of tell men not to rape ?
it 's not like get a taxi be even something everyone can do .
you can n't always afford a taxi ( especially if you 're in NE_city-0 ! ) , you can n't always flag one down , you might not have a work phone on you ( lack of credit , lack of battery ) and you might have a phone but no idea of local taxi number .
do this mean you deserve to be rape ?
obviously not .
the point here should be ' if you see a woman walk alone at night , do n't rape -CONST--0 ' as oppose to ' if you 're a woman , or have any chance of be perceive as one , do n't walk around alone at night '.
it be easier for men not to rape than women not to be rape .
you just do n't rape .
edit : -CONST--0 seem to have be misconstrue by a couple of people here , so i 'll elaborate .
women have a responsibility to mitigate the risk of bad thing happen to them , like any of us .
i be not say that women should realistically be able to dance down back alley naked .
i be say that the only person with the power to eradicate the risk be the prospective perpetrator .
if a girl be rape , it be not her fault even if she do n't take the adequate measure to mitigate risk , because that risk would have be there irrespective of how careful she may have be .
rape victim do not have the power to prevent rape .
only the would @-@ be rapist do .
on that basis , the above interviewer 's handle of the subject seem to me to have be insensitive in the extreme .
women should not be make to feel bad for have be rape .
now if these lot riot and loot be NE_world-region-0 or , NE_person-0 forbid NE_religious-group-0 , forum would be fill with anti @-@ multiculturalism rhetoric - where derogative comment about an entire group of people would be acceptable .
often these people would decry the " NE_political-party-0 liberal media " for not call it out .
so , we all know the crime problem in the black community in NE_city-0 , ENT_amr-unknown-0 be n't you call it out as an example of multiculturalism fail ?
you 're probably think it , but do n't want to say it .
heaven forbid , have you become politically correct overnight ?
you clearly have n't be on NE_publication-0 today .
there be have be numerous thread about the black community etc.
it kind of get bore after a while .
they be : i do n't know about NE_publication-0 , but you should look at the comment on the NE_newspaper-0 website .
mind , they do n't need much encouragement .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 should it be a racial thing .
most of the past riot have be majorly white , nobody start bang on about race then and they should n't .
i 've see a lot of racism today and its unacceptable .
forget about race
found this blog earlier which talk about the need to slow population growth .
the blogger put forward a -CONST--0 child policy as the answer .
any thought ?
the only country that would be able to implement this already have birth rate below replacement ( or will do soon )
the only area of real population growth in the future be go to be NE_continent-0 , and i can n't imagine any african state be able to exert this level of control and organisation on their citizen .
most of the word that come out of his mouth these day seem to be try to lure NE_religious-group-0 vote .
it seem that he know under the current population change ( if it continue ) that NE_country-0 will eventually unite .
but ENT_amr-unknown-0 can he possibly ' end sectarianism ' if member of his party come out with purely bigotory remark ( such as NE_person-0 's in the summer time )?
ENT_amr-unknown-0 can he possibly change the mind set of NE_political-party-0 ENT_amr-unknown-1 vote for nationalist party ( NE_political-party-1 ) purely to keep NE_political-party-2 out of a seat ?
ENT_amr-unknown-0 can he change the mindset of hardline nationalist ENT_amr-unknown-1 see NE_political-party-0 as traitor and refuse to vote at all ?
it seem that such a beautiful land have be create that it have to be balance out , so it be send the most evil of inhabitant to curse the land forever...
i think it 's a noble aspiration and , yes , NE_political-party-0 need to reach out to NE_religious-group-0 .
there 's nothing ideologically unsound about that - after all , most NE_religious-group-0 in NE_country-0 , NE_country-1 and NE_country-2 be NE_political-party-0 , why should history prevent that from be the case in NE_country-3 ?
i 've not hear his full remark , just what i garner from the radio and a couple of short bit in article , but it really sound good and - whilst i still can n't bring myself to think of the NE_political-party-0 as decent , mainstream and cross @-@ community - i think it 's a step in the right direction .
it surprise me .
do n't particularly give a ****.
never be to NE_location-0 .
however , if the majority want to keep up a union with NE_country-0 then that 's fine .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 's everyone 's opinion of it ?
do it bring out NE_country-0 pride ?
do it look like a piece of junk ?
tell me .
it really be n't very good look be it . even from a distance .
kinda look like a rollar coaster with some ugly grey tower go up the middle of it .
ahh well , good to know tax payer money be be well spent .
at least , i 'm guess the tax payer payed for this .
nasty tv guy ! yuc , i hate them
if he want it done , i do n't see what the problem be .
i dont think there be anything wronge with the except for the name of the NE_program-0 "
he agree to do it .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 's the problem ?
i do n't see why so many people be against grammar school , ENT_amr-unknown-0 really segregation happen anyway in comprehensive school .
the best abled pupil get put into the " top " set and usually get the best teacher in the subject department etc.
if that 's the case then ENT_amr-unknown-0 not just reintroduce grammar school instead of do this half hearted attempt at try to make it look like everything be equal ?
really , ENT_amr-unknown-0 be the point in the ENT_government-organization-0 make me eat lunch in the same room as violent yobo 's anyway and have to watch out for be attack in the hall way or firework snuck in ?
i feel like they be just try to piss me off , and i kind of am , at them and the NE_political-party-0 who push for this kind of crap .
are n't they phase out grammar school ?
there be one not far from me but it 's just a regular middle @/@ high school now .
where i 'm from -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 of children will pass the NE_test-0 and get into the grammar school .
the other -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 be call failure at -CONST--1 and sent to an underfunded sink school .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 be it fair that -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 of children get -CONST--1 ENT_percentage-entity-1 of the fund ?
grammar school also do n't allow for children to move up if they start work harder , it 's much easier to move from the bottom set to the top set within a school than it be to move from the comprehensive to the grammar school .
everyone deserve the chance for a good education not just the lucky -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 who get into the grammar school based on one exam at the age of -CONST--1 .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 will NE_country-0 's oil reserve of 46+ billion be divvy up ?
if not the oil atleast a decent portion of libyas future outward NE_thing-0 .
hopefully now we 'll avoid a double dip or prolong recession .
get that oil flow , dammit .
long live the the NE_government-organization-0 ! !
if we want oil contract ENT_amr-unknown-0 would we bother with this ?
we should have just support NE_person-0 and he would have reward our support with more oil contract .
oh and just because there be reserve it do not mean they be financially viable , plus the NE_organization-0 could just tell us to **** off like NE_country-0 .
this be nothing more than a glorified NE_incident-0
the NE_country-0 's share of loot will be minumum , but NE_company-0 will make a kill its investment be safe it have avoid a long drawn out civil war .
NE_company-0 have win
NE_movement-0 have lose
i be in NE_country-0 when the NE_government-organization-0 be prepare its attack on [president NE_person-0 of NE_country-1 , 1954].
his state have no revenue ; its biggest income maker be NE_company-0 .
so NE_person-0 put the tiny of tax on bananas...
we install a military dictator and there 's be nothing but bloodshed ever since." -- NE_person-0
history repeat it self
i do n't really know what spoil be to be have , NE_country-0 only produce -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 of the world 's oil .
at least the end of the revolution @/@ civil war will make oil cheaper .
it 'll give political spoil to NE_person-0 and NE_person-1 , though , as long as the new ENT_government-organization-0 do n't cut off umpteen head in reprisal .
unless you mean something different , NE_company-0 go back into profit only a few month after the NE_gulf-0 spill .
can someone explain the reason behind these riot to me ?
i 'm kinda slow , -CONST--0 have n't be follow the news for the past couple of day .
i log into NE_publication-0 and am greet by load of thread about how it 's all kick off in NE_city-0 ( and a few scuffle in NE_city-1 too ) but no explanation how they start then i go to the NE_site-0 to try and get to the bottom of it but still no explanation !
basically , a guy get shot in NE_city-0 , police claim he be a gangbanger and shoot a police officer , local people claim he be innocent .
initial test reveal he do n't fire a bullet .
anyways , this kill lead to a riot in NE_city-district-0 and people realised they could just break down shop window and take what they want , and burn car without be hold accountable .
so soon enough it spread to all over london... and now NE_city-0
so you 're say there be no reason ?
they just want a riot for riot 's sake ?
basically , a man call NE_man-0 be shoot to death on thursday reportedly by police , a bunch of people stage a peaceful protest and from that people have start use violence , loot and set building on fire , and it 's get worse because they 're realising that police can n't do anything about it .
the paper have it all wrong .
i live right in the middle of this crap , and i know of the sort of people who 're get involve , and it really just boil down to some entitled prick who 've realised that the police won't stop them from nick thing they want if they do it simultaneously , morality be damn .
that incident might have be the spark , but believe me on this , mate , there be no cause behind it anymore .
people be just take thing because they can .
most of the trouble around NE_city-0 be copy cat violence of what happen in NE_city-district-0 where a -CONST--0 year old be shot by the police spark of a protest which gott out of control .
people see the loot go on and want some themselves therefore organising a riot .
so , anyone from NE_city-district-0 ?
riot police , police dog and police helicopter confirm .
sound like the old college , the old NE_company-0 and a car or -CONST--0 be on fire .
many other shop attack include NE_company-0 , NE_market-0 and a couple on NE_market-1 .
bad time
i work in NE_company-0 and apparently it hasnt even be touch it be just the old college and NE_road-0 and NE_company-1 .
ive hear that more be go on tonight though in the main town but we 'll just have to see , really pathetic though make me so angry .
really sad it 's hit NE_city-district-0 but i 'm not that surprise .
hopefully these idiot will get bore soon enough and there will not be any more damage done !
NE_city-0 be burn and the media be not broadcast anything about it .
NE_product-0 be go mental with report of bomb threat , mass loot , fire etc.
this website be update every couple of minutes....
NE_city-district-0 , NE_city-district-1 , NE_city-district-2 , NE_city-district-3 , dalston.....all be looted...all be set on fire .
a massive NE_market-0 in NE_city-district-0 have just be set alight ( from NE_product-0 ) ....this be mental !
edit : people be throw petrol bomb from bridge onto pass car on the NE_road-0 earlier....
have the police enforce a compulsory media blackout ? ??
the news be be purposely hide from the world ( to discourage further riot ? ) .
ive just emailed all the big news agency make them aware that we know they be hide this......
doubt i 'll get a reply , or anything will change on the news .
i think in the middle of all this carnage , everybody need to take a step back and just hug the internet .
the only omniscient thing i 'm aware that exist .
i be just watch NE_broadcast-program-0 and the riot be all they be talk about for the past -CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 minute .
this be completely unjustifiable .
any sympathy the general public had for the man whose death supposedly spur on this onslaught of violence be surely be erode by the minute when thug be smash up the business , car and home of innocent people who have nothing to do with it .
was in NE_city-district-0 for the NE_festival-0 this afternoon , get violent at 5 o clock or so , very few police consider there be -CONST--0 of ppl , also hard to find ENT_ordinal-entity-0 aiders ENT_amr-unknown-0 did n't the media report this early ! ?
they focus on shop be burnt late in the even but not violence at a family @-@ friendly festival etc
just wonder about the economic effect of these riots...
i do n't think that we 'll see any substantive impact in the NE_city-0 unless the riot do actually spread from the periphery to the NE_location-0 , or even the NE_city-1 itself which i consider very unlikely .
but this be go to his tourism badly .
it 's go to hit tourism really badly .
tourist be n't go to want to go to a city that 's unsafe where the police can allow mob rule in the street for -CONST--0 consecutive night , and understandably so .
this be the message leave our country to foreign investor : ' we , here in NE_country-0 , be mindless barbarian .
if you put your business here , it will not be treat with respect , it may be destroy , clearly we do n't have the money to buy your product '.
if i be a foreign investor right now , i 'd be look elsewhere .
it 's perhaps just the final nail in the coffin .
i 'm not his biggest critic by any mean , but this be the most out of touch thing NE_person-0 have say so far imo .
" the whole country want young people give the opportunity that work experience provide ."
what a mislead statement .
the country want unemployed people to have job , not be force to work for nothing .
you would have to be insanely right @-@ wing to describe anyone who think people should be pay for work as a NE_thing-0 .
a lot of people on the right be oppose to the idea of what be effectively a tax @-@ payer fund subsidy to large business in the form of free labour .
my take it on this be that it 's a very poor solution to the catch @-@ 22 situation hit most young job @-@ seeker , but that it 's better than the future job fund and @/@ or do nothing .
it 's not force though , it be voluntary .
secret tip on how to avoid this ' slave labour ': when they ask if you want to do it , say no.
no it 's not .
it be if you say yes and quit before completion then you lose benefit for -CONST--0 week ( if an -CONST--1 week scheme ) .
-CONST--0 issue be that the actual scheme and the administration of the scheme be not match up .
the voluntary scheme itself be perfectly fine .
however , something have go wrong in the way the job centre have be portray it to some people , make it seem mandatory .
i know they think it be , and the prime minister be elect democratically .
but there be the NE_government-organization-0 and it pretty much feel like a country of ' lord ' and its like we be still stuck with some middle age tradition .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 do you think ?
yes , although i 'd like to see a change from NE_event-0 to proportional representation .
also , to the NE_organization-0 , i 'm pretty sure that there be hardly any hereditary peer leave in the NE_organization-1
it absolutely be a democratic country .
we have an elect NE_government-organization-0 which be sovereign .
people point to the inherit monarchy and the llife peerage as sign of not be democratic , but ignore -CONST--0 significant thing :
many other democratic country worldwide do not elect their head of state or their upper house .
for example : NE_country-0 , NE_country-1 , NE_country-2 , NE_country-3 , NE_country-4 , NE_country-5 , NE_country-6 , NE_country-7 , NE_country-8 , NE_country-9 , NE_country-10 , NE_country-11 , NE_country-12 , NE_country-13 and many others do not elect the head of state .
likewise , NE_country-0 , NE_country-1 , NE_country-2 , NE_country-3 , NE_country-4 , NE_country-5 and many others do not elect their upper house - at least not directly .
as long as the elect portion of the state ( i.e . the NE_government-organization-0 ) have supreme power , then the democratic imperative be satisfy .
ironically , have other portion of the state elect will invite deadlock and compromise , and the democratic will of the people will be drown out in the politicking that will go on .
the NE_government-organization-0 increase democracy in the NE_country-0 - it 's a safeguard .
firslty the NE_government-organization-0 , although it have party politics , be keep in balance so it be not as partisan as the NE_government-organization-1 .
secondly it be a chamber of expert which function in a largely advisory capacity .
thirdly these guy be lifer , which mean they be able to think past the next election for the good of the country .
i have far more faith in the NE_government-organization-0 as NE_government-organization-1 stand than in the fptp NE_government-organization-2 to barrack by -CONST--0 party who be become increasingly differentiate only by the spell .
[reposting as a replacement for my last post which broke the rule by post a video only]
do you think it might have something to do with the fact that -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 of the people of these island do not want this mass immigration yet our ENT_government-organization-0 allow -CONST--1 from very different culture to immigrate to these island .
we call anyone who say this racist . the NE_organization-0 have define right for indigenous people .
we stand up for the right of the indigenous NE_province-0 , native NE_country-0 , NE_ethnic-group-0 and say that NE_person-0 be a hero for stand up for the right of the NE_country-1 people , but if someone want to champion the right of the NE_country-2 indigenous people they be either call racist , people want to have a riot against them and some people would send them to the gas chamber .
do you think the pressure of this suppression eventually give way to these racist rant which be become so commonplace that NE_publication-0 be literally fill with -CONST--0 of them .
do you think it be just a co @-@ incidence that some foul mouth racist stand up and deliver some foul mouth speech or do you think that this be symptomatic of the fact that the NE_country-0 people have have enough of immigration and this be the start of revolt .
black people do n't work
therefore they can n't afford car
therefore they use the bus with the uneducated white chavs
( the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 bit be a joke btw , im not a racist =[)
the right of the NE_country-0 white population do n't really need champion .
the only reason one would do so would be to legitimise ostracising people from other ethnic background .
that 's why champion right for white be view with suspicion , to my mind .
we do n't get .
i 've never see one .
where they happen they become viral video and even make the newspaper .
you might as sensibly ask " ENT_amr-unknown-0 do we get so many dog fall off trampoline at barbecue ? " or whatever it be that win this week 's -CONST--0 quid on you 've NE_publication-0 .
the racist people that we have see on such footage be generally quite poor and therefore take public transport .
they evidently be quite angry that they do n't have much money and therfore take their anger out on other race and point the blame on them...
i 'd respect what she say if she do n't call me a "****ing foreign ****head ".
do n't agree with send her to jail though , ENT_amr-unknown-0 happen to free speech ?
i guess be unfair neutralises have a fare
it must be the new craze sweep the nation !
be there any evidence of a racist rant on an aeroplace yet ?
that 'd be the ice on the cake
because they be uninformed and support the NE_political-party-0 .
okay , not troll or anything but i have a question .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 ? i understand what both the NE_political-party-0 and NE_political-party-1 want in term of aspiration and goal , ive studied policy and many response to them .
but from what i 've observe via NE_publication-0 and many news source ; the way they 're try to achieve them , be largely violent edit : specific coverage of NE_political-party-0 to make the headline a little more .
aggression and hostility be obviously the worst way to go about to get these change make .
do n't they realise it ?
i 've see very little peaceful protest go on , which cause me to question the validity of both the NE_political-party-0 and NE_political-party-1 .
and whether they 're genuinely think for the better of this country or they just house people who -CONST--0 want a fight , that have the option to jump on the bandwagon of NE_country-0 politics . hence this thread .
i 'm not blame anyone , im largely try to remain neutral .
however , riot and fight take two to tango and there be obviously a massive contribution from the oppose party .
but , im just try to get a bigger picture here .
i 'd like for this to be a calm discussion and an informative thread .
for member and follower of both the NE_political-party-0 and NE_political-party-1 to come and justify their point across so , not just i , but many others can be educate properly on the intention and the reason behind it all . regard .
first of all , i have no affiliation with the NE_political-party-0 , i find them ridiculous .
but ENT_amr-unknown-0 exactly be they violent ?
i mean , aside from the couple of mental member in the past , i have n't see much violence come from NE_political-party-0 member .
infact , overwhelmingly they seem to be the victim of violence and repression .
as for the NE_political-party-0 . well , the thing be , they be never set up with specific political aim .
they be set up as an angry response to radical NE_religious-group-0 and NE_event-0 , they be a street group , not a NE_city-district-0 lobby .
sadly , some of their demo 's have be mar by violence .
but an agressive opposition , along with a biased press and press with an agenda make them out to be a lot worse than they be .
that say , they be far from good .
the majority be loutish and do n't have any great intellectual capacity , but that do n't mean you should write them off , or that you should oppose their aim .
people who do n't think the NE_political-party-0 be violent do n't know **** about the history of the NE_political-party-1 .
yeah they wear suit now , but in the -CONST--0 s and early -CONST--1 s it be n't a political ' party ', it be just a street gang that use to fight with NE_organization-0 and commit random act of violence and vandalism against non @-@ white .
you can n't change that history by appear on NE_broadcast-program-0 .
and before anyone storm in with the negs and the ' that 's just slander ENT_amr-unknown-0 's the evidence of this ', NE_company-0 be your friend , do your own research on the NE_political-party-0 and the link between the NE_political-party-1 and the NE_organization-0 , NE_organization-1 , NE_organization-2 etc etc etc
with the NE_country-0 vote generally be a NE_political-party-0 vote ( -CONST--0 of -CONST--1 seat ) would lose -CONST--2 give the NE_political-party-1 a clear advantage ?
the NE_political-party-0 would lose -CONST--0 mp , be as NE_political-party-1 would lose -CONST--1 mp 's .
although NE_political-party-0 would of still win in -CONST--0 without NE_country-0 , the NE_political-party-1 would of have a -CONST--1 seat majority in the last general election .
as well as this the forthcoming boundary change will see NE_political-party-0 lose -CONST--0 seat compare to -CONST--1 for the NE_political-party-1 , not to mention union donation cap that would decrease party fund for NE_political-party-2 .
with all the say , and with conservative likely to hold a natural majority if NE_country-0 gain independence , would that cause NE_political-party-0 to push further to the right in order to try and steal the NE_political-party-1 vote and effectively leave behind the work class ?
personally i do n't think they 'd have much choice .
i be interested in hear people opinion on this .
unsure tbh , maybe would make the NE_country-0 slightly more right wing but can n't imagen it become majorly right .
NE_political-party-0 win a majority of the vote ( but not a majority of the seat , hmm ) in NE_country-0 in -CONST--0 and no doubt many more election where NE_political-party-1 win in the NE_country-1 .
NE_country-0 be in between .
i wonder ENT_amr-unknown-0 NE_country-0 would vote if the unionist choose between liblabcon rather then NE_organization-0
what i find worry be that you think it be ok for a political party to change its core value and ideal , purely for the sake of gain power .
not because they believe in what they be say .
i 'm not say that it do n't happen already , but you seem to be imply that it be a totally understandable thing to do ?
unless i 've misunderstood what you be say ?
anyway , my personal opinion be that NE_political-party-0 be n't truly leave wing and the NE_political-party-1 definitely be n't right wing .
they be as bad as each other .
as a ' right wing ' person (*cringe*), i sympathise more with some NE_political-party-0 policy but i do n't really like their leadership .
on the other hand , i detest NE_political-party-0 with a passion .
good riddance if they loose their foothold in NE_country-0 politics .
steal the job traditionally do by teenager . absolutely disgust .
immigration do need to reflect surplus job available .
however , you get people like that girl sue the ENT_government-organization-0 for make her work in poundland not make thing better for anyone .
whilst in some case this be true half the time these people do the work the rest of the british refuse to do...
persay street cleaner as a prime example i cant remember the last time i see a brit do it yet people whine about the ' evil foreigner take -CONST--0 job '
if they wouldnt be so anally retentive in what they wish to do .
and on the broader issue thats what you get for join the NE_organization-0 you win some you loose some , simple .
basically with all this fuss about NE_country-0 independence in the news i 'm wonder how this bear for people who be n't -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 ' pure blood scot ' for -CONST--1 generation or something .
i dunno why but it just boggle my brain .
if the NE_political-party-0 get their way and crown NE_person-0 as king of his own private domain , ENT_amr-unknown-0 determine ENT_amr-unknown-1 be and be n't NE_country-0 ?
NE_organization-0 work and residency right no long apply follow independence , and i can see this potential event do nothing but fuel xenophobia , racism and nasty nationalism .
many english people have scottish relative or relative live in NE_country-0 long term , many scots move down to NE_country-1 , marry english people or have english relative .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 decide if they 're NE_country-0 or not ?
people who have live in NE_country-0 for ENT_temporal-quantity-0 could potentially find themselves alien in their own home , potentially consider foreign or ' not quite native '.
ENT_amr-unknown-0 about people ENT_amr-unknown-1 consider themselves NE_country-0 live in a NE_country-1 territory suddenly find themselves on the ' wrong ' side of the border ?
it seem absurd that they should suddenly consider NE_country-0 as somehow ' foreign '.
resident of other NE_organization-0 country would suddenly find themselves without NE_organization-1 protection either .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 be the NE_political-party-0 so obsess with independence when there be no real political or economic mandate for it ?
surely it have to be for more than some infantile kneejerk obsession with the brave @-@ heart NE_movie-0 and a unjustified grievance with highly slant view on history ?
NE_country-0 gain nothing but get lump with stupid debt and political fallout , loss of influence and still economically and culturally tie to the rest of the NE_country-1 as to make an international border seem utterly insane .
the scots themselves be an amalgamation of different people , NE_ethnic-group-0 , NE_ethnic-group-1 , NE_ethnic-group-2 , NE_ethnic-group-3 and even NE_ethnic-group-4 .
it 's ironic that some scots take issue with the NE_country-0 while ignore that scotland be create in much the same fashion .
so NE_publication-0 , ENT_amr-unknown-0 decide what a scot in a ' NE_country-0 be ?
someone that have a heritage that clearly show that the family have be in NE_country-0 for a long time they be scottish obviously although i be sure that someone born there would also be consider scottish as well ?
the only people who be not scottish would be those who move there  la not born there or have any previous family who be born in NE_country-0 .
as for who decide that could be tricky although i doubt it will be much of an issue .
i do n't see the situation be any different to the relationship between the NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 .
it would n't really matter if someone be a NE_country-0 citizen or a NE_country-1 citizen , because they will have equal right in both NE_country-2 .
right now NE_country-0 citizen can freely live in the NE_country-1 and can vote in general election and even run for office .
i 'm sure the same thing would happen with NE_country-0 .
it do still raise the question of exactly who can get NE_country-0 citizenship , but -CONST--0 won't really make any practical difference to people who do n't qualify for -CONST--1 .
scottish citizenship would probably be open to people live in NE_country-0 on the day it become independent , and anyone who have at least -CONST--0 grandparent who be born there , or something like that .
look at NE_country-0 citizenship law , it would probably end up be quite similar .
its an interesting question .
i be born in NE_country-0 to parent who be born and raise in NE_country-1 , but then my mother side ( she 's an NE_family-0 ) have a long history of scottish ancestry .
i live there till i be -CONST--0 , but have live the rest of my life in NE_country-0 .
am i a scot ?
i imagine i will be able to apply for NE_country-0 citizenship , but will i be able to vote in a referendum ?
i doubt it .
in recent time and quite a bit more in the past it have always be heavily play on that NE_country-0 prisoner be some if the most expensive people to keep in the NE_country-1 .
so i be think , ENT_amr-unknown-0 be n't we make the people ENT_amr-unknown-1 have the ability to pay ( ie @- those people ENT_amr-unknown-2 have any sort of savings or credit ) to stay in prison ?
some prisoner be in prison with large amount of money in the bank so ENT_amr-unknown-0 be n't we take ENT_monetary-quantity-0 back off of these people to cover the cost involve in keep them and court cost ?
if people commit the crime people should be willing to do the time and the people who can afford it , should pay for it surely ?
ENT_amr-unknown-0 be other people view ?
yeah man totally agree man they should register to a student loan alternative man and then like , sort of pay it off after their time in jail innit , i 'm gonna buy the domain -CONST--0 now before anybody else smart steal it
the law should treat everyone equally - you can n't have some people pay and others not .
i agree with you that those that can should be able to pay .
however this also raise the issue that since they be pay money as well as serve their time in jail , their sentence should be reduce .
if this be to happen , would it not be unfair that other prisoner that do not have the mean to pay and have commit ' lesser ' crime have to serve longer than those that can ' buy ' their way out of jail , so to speak ?
take NE_disease-0 as an example , the immigrant population have -CONST--0 time the level of infection of the other -CONST--1 ENT_percentage-entity-0 of the NE_country-0 .
the other disease be even more extremely biased .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 be your thought on this situation ?
personally i think it 's a very good thing , since our NE_organization-0 should be work to treat all of the world 's sick people and the more diseased immigrant we have , the more good it can do for them .
also , have them live among us massively increase the risk of infection for the general population , make for a fair society .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 should we get to enjoy relatively low risk of serious infection ENT_amr-unknown-1 other part of the world be in great danger of them ?
test immigrant as a condition of entry to the NE_country-0 would set us back decade and be morally wrong anyway .
their health status be none of our business .
yeah it be something that we should keep an eye on but ENT_amr-unknown-0 about people without medical record ?
ENT_amr-unknown-0 do we do with them quarantine them while we wait on test result ?
i 'm surprise that we do n't do this anyway .
surely , as a matter of common sense , if we get plenty of people from country where disease like NE_disease-0 and NE_disease-1 be rife , it 's best to test for it and treat them upon arrival ?
both to prevent them spread it to the rest of the population and also for the welfare of the affect immigrant .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 be that an infringement on human rights...?
come to the NE_country-0 be a choice .
we already impose condition on entry , ENT_amr-unknown-0 would one more be wrong ?
the problem be that you 'd have to pay to deport immigrant who fail the test when they refuse to leave of their own accord .
so , i 've be read about NE_country-0 independence and i do n't think it 's fair to solely concentrate on scottish independence and i 'd like to get the overall view of NE_organization-0 member .
simple choice , either independence for your home country or to retain membership of the NE_country-0 .
on the one hand , the union give us a bigger economy and population , and if it break up we 'd be less powerful .
on the other hand it 's a good way to get rid of -CONST--0 NE_political-party-0 voter and let the predominantly NE_political-party-1 NE_country-0 free itself of NE_country-1 's socialist yoke .
so i 'm not really bother either way .
so i disagree with the whole NE_political-party-0 ethos , and can n't stand what they 're do to this country out of sheer idealogy blahblahblah...
but the reason i really can n't stand NE_person-0 and his current cabinet be that they be constantly try to pull the wool over the public eye .
whether it 's by say all those in the public sector who will be strike on wednesday be selfish , or by NE_person-0 selflessly wipe the vat on the NE_broadcast-program-0 charity single , conveniently be name live on NE_broadcast-program-1 infront on -CONST--0 of viewer .
they rip NE_political-party-0 apart on the immigration issue in the general election , now look at the mess its in ! !
do anyone care ?
here 's a link explain the situation as some of you " NE_political-party-0 " be oblivious to the situation .
food price @/@ petrol price be sky high .
when petrol cost rose when NE_political-party-0 be in government , there be a media frenzy .
likewise when service have to shut down after -CONST--0 day because of snow , the media launch a full blown attack and everyday people be say how disgust it be .
when it snow under the NE_political-party-0 and service shut for up to -CONST--0 week , noone care .
likewise noone be particularly fuss when NE_person-0 blame the rubbish economy " growth " on the snow @/@ royal wed .
imagine the furore NE_political-party-0 have say such a stupidly false thing .
sneaky NE_government-organization-0 shake @-@ up .
if any of you have even use the NE_government-organization-0 and have live @/@ travel abroad for a period of time , you will probably know how lucky we be to have such an amaze health service .
there be absolutely no need to open it up to private firm , and he swear blind in those televise debate that his party would n't touch our NE_government-organization-0 .
what a crock .
youth unemployment the highest its ever be .
it 's be almost -CONST--0 month since the coalition have be in now , not -CONST--1 month as one of you say , or just -CONST--2 month as another one of you say
so blame NE_political-party-0 for the world recession ( which by the way would have be even worse have the NE_political-party-1 been in gov in the same year ) almost -CONST--0 month on where our economy have go backwards in term of economic growth from when NE_political-party-2 left office , be ridiculous .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 more year be you go to use it as an excuse for ENT_amr-unknown-1 be essentially a NE_political-party-0 ENT_government-organization-0 dismantle the public sector while it can get away with it .
public sector worker be singled out to pay more into their pension funds...
my sister be a primary school teacher and teacher generally hate the tories , before all this pension business come to the surface but because they 're so backward when it come to education .
she have to pay out of her own wage for all her teach activites @/@ read books/teaching supply and only have a teach assistant -CONST--0 -CONST--1 week now because they 've withdraw so much money from the school budget .
she 's a great teacher so buy all that stuff , whereas a lot of teacher might not bother as to be fair ENT_amr-unknown-0 should they have to spend -CONST--0 -CONST--1 year ? !
teach standard be go to fall massively over the next few year .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 won't the people of this country wake up and stop allow NE_person-0 to brainwash them ? ??
you need not to tell us ENT_amr-unknown-0 , as we already know .
we be like this because of financial issue out of -CONST--0 control and the mess of the last ENT_government-organization-0 .
if only NE_person-0 be do it out of ideology !
i would like a small public sector in this country .
ENT_government-organization-0 spend be actually increase .
you can hardly call the NE_government-organization-0 shake up sneaky .
public sector pension will still be much better than private .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 dare we bring public sector pension more into line with the private sector ?
just ENT_amr-unknown-0 do we think we be ?
please , the average life span be ever increase , it 's put the contribution up , the pensio value down , or work long .
there be no other choice , the public sector have be spare this by -CONST--0 year of spineless NE_political-party-0 government , but the fact be we cannot take this burden on at the expense of the tax payer any long .
most of those problem you just describe be the result of a flounder NE_political-party-0 government who let spend go out of control and allow the NE_government-organization-0 to disintegrate .
whilst i agree that NE_person-0 and the tories be n't do everything they say they would , they be try to cut back the welfare state and dismantle some of the ridiculous law that stop business and worker from operate at their highest
also , petrol price be the result of numerous international economic factor and NE_organization-0 price control , the british ENT_government-organization-0 cannot control that .
NE_organization-0 try to win brownie point from other clueless student who hate the NE_political-party-0 just because .
and fail .
badly .
possibly because there 's no money to do anything anymore .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 ? because the NE_political-party-0 piss away -CONST--0 on try to create a client state .
absolutely there be problem in immigration .
this come the same week that report ( cost the taxpayer -CONST--0 ) be finally publish , have be commission by NE_political-party-0 , but never release due to their finding which basically conclude that NE_political-party-1 make the worst mistake imaginable on immigration .
food price be generally not the domain of the ENT_government-organization-0 , and the food price in the NE_country-0 be relatively low compare to continental NE_continent-0 - certainly the NE_world-region-0 .
been to NE_country-0 recently ?
4 for a packet of butter , anyone ?
fuel duty have be relatively slow to change since the general election .
when NE_political-party-0 come to power in -CONST--0 , you could buy petrol at the pump for 49.9p per litre .
when they leave , it be over 1.30 .
NE_political-party-0 could n't do enough NE_government-organization-0 reorganisation .
have you see what an NE_government-organization-0 executive earn ?
ENT_amr-unknown-0 about a doctor or nurse that do n't actually have any patient ?
there be a lot of them work for health quangoes set up by NE_political-party-0 .
very true .
there be a recession on , and the country be on it 's knee thank to rocket NE_scientist-0 .
damn right .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 should n't they ?
ENT_amr-unknown-0 should they be the only people to have gold @-@ plate pension with no detriment to anyone except the tax payer ?
ENT_amr-unknown-0 about private sector pension - they 're generally worthless .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 ? because they be rape by NE_person-0 .
at a stroke , by tax dividend he destroy private pension , cost countless -CONST--0 , but benefit the treasury a few -CONST--1 which he whiz away on social engineer .
no one believe that . NE_person-0 be part of a coalition ENT_government-organization-0 , and face widespread opposition from the like of you , and hard @-@ liner in his own party .
i would suggest -CONST--0 that large number of people in NE_country-0 be also resign to the fact that the country have its back break during the tenure of NE_person-0 and NE_person-1 .
except NE_organization-0 explain exactly why they hate the tories...
nah i 'd go for sensible people with a realist outlook myself .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 would you call anybody " scum " for hold a moderate political view ?
do that post really constitute anything worth reply to , any well think and argue point ?
it be just the same politically illiterate ramblings you hear from any NE_political-party-0 hate band wagoner , this should be leave for the column of NE_magazine-0 rather than a debate forum .
a study have find there be -CONST--0 as many mix race people than report in the census .
around -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 of NE_country-0 people be mix race .
couple with mass immigration , establish immigrant have children , and white flight .
the white NE_country-0 will all to soon dissapear , just another lost race in the page of a history book .
NE_person-0 defend his immigration policy a couple of month back and -CONST--0 have to say i agree with him .
i 've always view immigration 's goal be to try change NE_country-0 's demographics and make it a fair society in the long run .
imo we have become a more mulitcultural nation , and and an ethnically richer diverse one at that which be necessary .
change the demographics be important for NE_country-0 , it 's important for a lot of nation .
to those anti @-@ immigrant nationalist who hate this , look at NE_person-0 , probably one of the most popular human being of all time , if not the most popular ever .
a lot of people like him for his charisma , his charm , his look , his speech even , i and many others also like him for his ethnicity ( sorry but i do it 's healthy for the world ) .
NE_person-0 's mix race background highlight humanities love for mix race people and our destiny to want to become mix race .
there be no doubt this be the way the world be go .
and NE_person-0 as a figure head and his popularity prove that .
stun president .
so NE_person-0 be right about immigration , and we be become more diverse thankfully , like NE_country-0 , because of NE_country-1 .
and maybe one day too we will have our own NE_person-0 .
viva la difference .
thank -CONST--0 NE_person-0 .
where NE_person-0 and his ENT_government-organization-0 get it wrong be in underestimate the number who would migrate from the new country in the NE_organization-0 , and not then provide the resource to support this , for example in NE_language-0 support in school .
for non @-@ NE_organization-0 migrant and those seek to live in the country , the support and resource to enable decision on -CONST--0 future to be make in a short period of time .
depends on if you believe NE_person-0 do it for electoral reason or not .
immigration be good for a society , but open the floodgate like he do be quite frankly dangerous .
op spend -CONST--0 year in NE_city-0 and tell us all of this .
besides , it 's funny how you talk about NE_country-0 's improve lately .
it 's go down the toilet...........even more so by the day .
also , in reality , it 's not mix at all .
i promise you that NE_person-0 be an anomaly .
most of NE_country-0 be about as mix race as NE_person-0 .
you mostly get concentrate ghetto with black people and then entire state full of white people .
NE_person-0 be n't representative of anything .
as for NE_person-0 , he only welcome all these new people because not him nor his mate have to live with them .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 do they care if you get new NE_local-region-0 @/@ NE_local-region-1 in other place ?
i think immigration level be high , and our past pm 's like NE_person-0 think that talk about high immigration be bigoted .
i have to say i disagree .
my father come from an immigrant background , and i dont think am bigoted for want to see lower immigration level .
i also think its stupid that our european friend can immigrate to britian and seek benefit , and deny them that would be against " human right "....according to the NE_government-organization-0 .
am i racist and bigoted for these view ?
no , say that immigration level be high be an observation and want lower immigration level be what many people want
everybody know the rate of immigration be too high but it 's not really what you say , just how you say it .
your belief do n't stem from believe your race be superior , or that immigrant or other race be inferior , but ' your racism ' be arguable in regard to prejudice , discrimination and antagonism ( also part of racism ) .
not say that you be , i be say that be open to question and have ground depending on how you go about these belief .
for example , if you make an unjust distinction of someone because they be an immigrant , not quite sure if that would make you a fully fledge racist , but it certainly would be discrimination .
basically there be a thin line .
suck but life be sometimes politically correct , but you have to learn to deal with it because you never know when you 're the one go to be on the other side of the spectrum .
ok , so i be still learn about how the free market/ global energy supply system work so -CONST--0 correct me if i be wrong , but here be my suggestion ;
all state service include social house , library , hospital , school , prison etc should be power by NE_country-0 energy only and everything the state use ( construction material , food etc ) should be NE_country-1 produce , grow and maintain by a NE_country-2 workforce .
alongside this , we open up the private sector to import and freedom of choice , luxury etc.
the private sector can do pretty much whatever it want but the state must be able to support itself with or without the boom and bust of the -CONST--0 .
people who choose to live on benefit ( rely on the state ) will only have access to NE_country-0 resource also .
( NE_country-0 grown ) food will be provide for survival as will house and energy but ( import ) luxury will not be available to those dependent on the state .
if people desire luxury , then they must work for it .
the idea be that the state pay ( modest ) salary for its worker who consume NE_country-0 energy ( retrieve this money through tax from NE_country-1 worker ) and NE_country-2 food/ material .
this would effectively create a system which circulate resource within the country rather than it be channel out into the hand of NE_country-0 billionaires .
the energy will be supply through wind turbine position offshore around the NE_island-0 which be maintain by idle military personnel .
further , a production workforce will be employ by the state in factory to produce say material .
edit : ENT_amr-unknown-0 be everyone negging me ?
i 'm try to offer a solution to a problem .
and this will be pay for with ENT_amr-unknown-0 ?
so no library book from non @-@ NE_country-0 author ?
i think that demonstrate how quickly this idea be a fail .
also not too sure why you do n't think pensioner should be allow to buy themselves a bottle of champagne for their -CONST--0 th birthday party either .
that sound like an awful lot of ENT_government-organization-0 intervention .
your idea be crazy and would mean the death of the free market .
you have to let the free market work .
and then consider the burden on the tax payer....
the market should decide ,
if the people want NE_country-0 goods they will buy NE_country-1 goods .
if they want foreign goods they will buy those instead ,
it certainly be n't in the state interest to increase cost substantially by go exclusively for NE_country-0 goods of all kind ,
they should go for the cheapest best quality goods instead .
this be not a dictatorship .
you cannot force supplier to sell product for no profit
( they would simply move abroad where they can sell -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 of their product at a profit ) .
thorium be a viable nuclear alternative and one which frankly we should already be adopt .
there be aspect of self reliance which would be good but on the whole protectionism be not a good long term policy to follow .
i 've really never understand this mentality .
here 's the crucial fact : we import more from other NE_organization-0 member state than we export to them .
any tariff they impose would hurt NE_country-0 , NE_country-1 , NE_country-2 and NE_country-3 business more than it would hurt us .
the NE_organization-0 be fundamentally commit ( this be state in -CONST--0 of its treaty -CONST--1 believe ) to foster good relation and free trade with non @-@ member , especially those which maintain high standard of human right and democracy ( now ain't that ironic ) .
so if we leave the NE_organization-0 , we could negotiate free trade agreement individually with the union and its member ; we could join @/@ remain in the NE_organization-1 ; or we could join the NE_organization-2 ( NE_organization-3 @-@ lite ) .
we 'd have a range of option , all of which would keep our trade with NE_continent-0 strong and healthy .
will politician in NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 want to stop brits from buy up their country ' bmws , mercs , audis , vws , peugeots , renaults , and so on ?
i very highly doubt it - not a vote @-@ winner .
as well as maintain -CONST--0 trade level , if we leave the NE_organization-0 we could save the several -CONST--1 pound we donate to the NE_organization-1 each year , reduce immigration to more viable level , and shun some of the more overbear aspect of -CONST--2 bureaucracy , all of which would benefit -CONST--3 economy substantially .
oh , and -CONST--0 forget to mention that it 's predict that the NE_organization-0 's share of world trade and prosperity be go to massively decline over the come ENT_temporal-quantity-0 .
so ENT_amr-unknown-0 be everyone terrify of leave because of trade ?
the NE_organization-0 probably deflect as much trade as it create .
because we be part of the NE_organization-0 we trade more with member of the NE_organization-1 , such as NE_country-0 , NE_country-1 , NE_country-2 , NE_country-3 , NE_country-4 , NE_country-5 and NE_country-6 because we have a common market .
however what this mean be that we trade less with nation like NE_country-0 , NE_country-1 , NE_country-2 , NE_country-3 and NE_continent-0 .
i be not convince we want to attatch ourselves to the overly indebted nation of NE_continent-0 .
i would rather trade with the up and come emerge economy .
however as part of the NE_organization-0 you do get the appreciable benefit of free trade within the -CONST--0 area .
however it be start to look like the member of the monetary union be go to try and exploit the common market member one eg . the NE_tax-0 .
in the very long run i think be outside of NE_continent-0 and trade with the emerge economy , which will eventually become the big economy , be wise .
i agree with the europhiles that it 's important to trade and work together so the people of NE_continent-0 can collectively raise their standard of live , it 's just that the NE_organization-0 have prove to be a corrupt power hungry entity that have a socialist doctrine at it 's core so it 's not an ideal long term trade partner .
it 'd be like relying on the NE_country-0 to provide you with economic stability .
i need reason for why drug should not be legalised , any help -CONST--0 ?
i 'm for drug legalisation .
the ENT_government-organization-0 have absolutely no right to say what i can and can n't do with my body , as well as what i put in it .
we should be help those who use drug , not punish them .
you could make the point that by make drug legal and create potentially a bigger market for their use that food crop could be replace in develop country for drug crop much like the increase of demand for bio fuel have do , thus increase food price make impoverish people even poorer and increase inflation of food product which be bad for most consumer so drug actually have a massive impact on none drug user !
the problem with both of us be that neither of us specify which drug we be talk about .
some drug such as heroin be clearly awful - i certainly hope that you agree it be addictive and do harm others .
some drug have much less of a negative effect on the individual and other people around them .
cannabis be mentally addictive be still addiction .
the addiction may very well be weaker .
i agree , the ENT_government-organization-0 should help drug addict .
i believe that drug addict should be force to enrol on some sort of a program which be create to help them whether that would be in prison or otherwise .
( i also believe that smoke should be ban )
i think we 're all for legalize drug until you meet the poor guy @/@ gal who be n't from middle class @/@ higher class family and can n't afford rehab ( this come from a lower @-@ middle class guy ) who be sleep on the street in the winter in the snow before eventually die .
drug be n't good and be n't necessary , and ruin ton of people life .
i have use drug in the past and will probably do so sometime in the future , but it should n't be legalize .
everybody seem to forget about you know , the large amount of money spend in hospital treat drug user .
besides this , say the ENT_government-organization-0 should n't tell us what to do , well i hate every single politician , but use that arguement just make people sound like children .
perhaps reform , with more punishment on drug dealer would be good .
if you want to get philosophical , i will tell you what i believe to be the most detrimental effect of any recreational drug .
recreational drug cause euphoria .
hence , drug be an artificial substitute for a natural incentive that have evolve to motivate our species to do what necessary for it 's survival .
there be natural state in which human can experience these sensation .
we come with build in mechanism which produce these affect when appropriate .
this be ultimately why your body may produce some version of these chemical naturally .
these chemical reaction be usually trigger by behaviors which be positive in term of species propagation .
an example of such behaviors would be accomplish a task , or make a personal connection with another .
recreational drug be a waste because it be counter productive to nature , to society , and to your personal growth to have access to undeserved bliss .
if we be capable of produce a drug which induce intense euphoria , with no side effect , no adverse health risk , and be infinitely available , it would be catastrophic to our society .
it be easy for drug user to delude themselves into believe that the health risk be minimal when they be partying and have so much fun .
the biggest delusion of all be the one that most overlook .
we be not naturally meant to feel that good without achieve something to improve our existence .
i already know the kind of response i 'm go to get to this thread , almost by definition , because as far as i can tell you can split the NE_country-0 public into -CONST--0 group when it come to scottish independence ; a majority who do n't care above some vague notion that NE_country-1 probably cost NE_country-2 money , and a very vocal swivel eye unionist minority for whom scottish independence mark the begin of the end of their pseudo @-@ colonial ambition .
so i want to ask that crowd , and i already know they be go to be chomp at the bit to just click reply already , but i specifically want to know ENT_amr-unknown-0 it be you want out of the NE_organization-0 ; i do n't want to hear about how NE_country-0 would be worse off somehow etc. etc. just ENT_amr-unknown-1 you want the NE_country-1 to remain the NE_country-2 and not split .
do it actually boil down to anything other than a perceive loss of prestige , the final nail in the coffin of NE_country-0 ?
i 'm english .
i think it would be nice if we stay unionised and strong .
but really , if NE_country-0 really want out , then let -CONST--0 **** off , because the whole point in such a union ( imo ) be that it 's voluntary and agreeable to all party .
NE_country-0 should remain as part of the union .
it serve nobody to break up -CONST--0 of the world 's oldest nation state .
all of the NE_political-party-0 's gripe can be solve by greater localisation - not by a pointless break up .
as for ' NE_country-0 people ' - the attitude generally seem to be one of ' let the scots decide , but i would be sad to see the NE_country-1 dismantle .'
personally , i think it 's best to let the scots have their independence within -CONST--0 year , but before such plan be publish we should drill for all the oil they have and use it to pay off our debt .
after that if there be any remain debt they should be give around -CONST--0 @/@ -CONST--1 of -CONST--2 .
as i be write a post in another topic early about NE_country-0 and their right to be a superpower , my mind ramble a bit and i start to wonder if NE_country-1 can ever become a political superpower on the international stage again .
-CONST--0 year ago , the NE_empire-0 be accountable for approximately -CONST--1 ENT_percentage-entity-0 of the entire world population , and NE_country-0 have control of -CONST--2 ENT_percentage-entity-1 of the world landmass , therefore be able to completely dictate trade route and international relation .
a lot have change in -CONST--0 year , clearly .
in -CONST--0 , NE_country-0 britian control very little in the way of overseas territory , and have a population of only -CONST--1 resident , many have move into the uk from other country .
we also seem to be lose the ability to defend ourselves politically , be subservient to the NE_country-0 in NE_country-1 quest to capture resource , and be a part of the NE_organization-0 , often have to accept group decision that the country do not agree with or benefit from in any way .
so , with all this in mind , can NE_country-0 ever become a superpower again if desire ?
i know that we clearly will never compete with NE_country-0 in term of population , but be there any way to maximise the economic power of the nation in order to compete in term of financial position and ability to develop and expand faster and more sustainably than other nation ?
also , ENT_amr-unknown-0 would be the positive and negative for the general population if it ever be to happen ?
you could make a case for the NE_country-0 be a financial superpower , we punch way above our weight politically and we have -CONST--0 of the best train militaries in the world .
yet superpower in the old sense of the word , basically be a colonial or military superpower , be something -CONST--0 think be out of our reach for very obvious and in my opinion desirable reason .
the best way the NE_country-0 can stay on the world stage be do what it do now , be pretty much the top in the service industry .
the NE_empire-0 be probably the greatest the world have ever know .
it be also -CONST--0 of the most brutal and morally abhorrent .
i think monopolistic power tend to corrupt and be almost invariably abuse .
anyway , we be a stable , wealthy country .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 do you care , NE_person-0 ?
i hope this be n't some jingoist nonsense .
the fact be , it be n't go to happen .
yes it can .
whether it do become one remain to be see .
the next superpowers will be those who win the energy war .
that be those who develop the best and most efficient renewable @/@ readily accessible power source and be completely self sufficient on it .
possibly create a surplus .
in all honesty , i really see the NE_organization-0 be the next world super power in the next -CONST--0 year .
i mean we be get closer and closer to become a single ' state '.
i mean most of NE_continent-0 have the same currency , law and you do n't need a visa to travel between each country .
the numerous train operate company in NE_country-0 make our rail system confuse .
they encourage high fare so that they can make profit , but do very little to invest in the network ultimatly leave NE_country-0 with the highest rail fare in NE_continent-0 with one of the poorest service .
meanwhile , in other NE_continent-0 country such as NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 , the rail network be nationalised .
they benefit from low fare and quaility service compose of many ' high speed ' route .
privatisation in NE_country-0 be suppose to encourage competition and therefore drive drown fare but i do n't see how competition on the railway work as each company usually have a monopoly on the route they serve
( eg . if you want to go from NE_city-0 to NE_city-1 you can only use the NE_company-0 )
so , do you think that we should re @-@ nationalise the railway and base the network on the NE_country-0 @-@ NE_country-1 model of low fare and high quality ? i certainly do !
we can n't afford it right now .
anyway if we have the money yes . not this idiotic subsidized monopoly
ENT_amr-unknown-0 happen to that company that walk away from -CONST--0 of it 's franchise a couple year back ?
i remember the ENT_government-organization-0 ( NE_person-0 i think ) say it be go to be punish , do anything ever happen ?
financially it may not be viable at present , but nationalisation ought to be a long term aim .
privatising the railway be arguably the worst thing the NE_political-party-0 do .
in the meantime we need more regulation , especially with regard to fare , which be disgracefully high .
i support deregulation , and i be completely oppose to nationalisation .
in a time of economic downturn , you want to nationalise the rail network so the public sector ( who be already face with -CONST--0 of pound worth of cut ) have to finance the entire network , include maintenance , investment and subsidy ? no thank !
deregulation or privatisation ftw.....or even just how it be right now....our rail network be n't that bad to be brutally honest ,
it get you from NE_location-0 to NE_location-1 , sure there might be NE_location-2 few delay before you get to NE_location-3 , but you 'll get there in the end
...and the NE_political-party-0 be hop mad over it !
ENT_amr-unknown-0 long can NE_person-0 keep smooth the ruffled feather of his party ?
will this be the straw that break the coalition 's back ?
NE_person-0 claim a lot of thing .
it be n't really a NE_political-party-0 victory , the general population be wholly against it from the begin .
NE_person-0 should stick to weep to NE_person-1 .
so we 've all be hear a lot about super @-@ injunction be litter all over the news , although one thing have struck me , that apply in almost all other NE_continent-0 country apart from us : the defendant be always anonymous until proven guilty .
i think that until the defendant be prove to be guilty , they should be completely anonymous , to prevent false arrest get out into public and dent one 's reputation , as it be almost a form of defamation .
i do n't think it 's fair that case be so publicize , and should only be so open if the defendant do n't mind .
it be weird how people prove to be innocent be still hate because of the accuse crime , like the stigma of be call a paedophile even though it can literally happen to anyone and everyone .
would help if the media make a big thing about them be innocent , but most people be stupid generally , else this problem would not exist .
if you look at that NE_person-0 case , everyone have decide that landlord be guilty up to the point where people hate him and the media be slaughter him .
turn out he be innocent .
not that the media owe him an apology or anything
NE_thing-0 or NE_thing-1 ?
supporter of each claim that the other will benefit " x @-@ treemists like da NE_political-party-0 ", but they can n't both be right .
can we find out here which vote system will benefit ( increase the power enjoy by ) small , " extreme " party like the NE_political-party-0 and NE_political-party-1 , with an explanation ?
do n't vote for NE_thing-0 because you think it will help -CONST--0 party more than another .
vote for NE_thing-0 because you think it will be more fair . if NE_thing-1 result in -CONST--0 NE_political-party-0 mps , because more people in our country support the NE_political-party-1 , i think that 's fair enough .
we live in a democracy after all , people should be allow to vote for who they like and everyone 's vote should count .
honestly i hate these freak ' vote NE_thing-0 and the tories won't get in ! ' argument , they 're so idiotic and not even true .
NE_country-0 people @- ENT_amr-unknown-0 else here think we should use the single transferable vote as our electoral system ?
for those of you who do n't know what it be , i think NE_thing-0 be the main truly proportional system of elect mps .
candidate be number similar to NE_thing-0 , but constituency be multi @-@ member so seat be allocate based on number of vote .
it 's the system use in NE_organization-0 election .
i 'm one of the few NE_country-0 tories ENT_amr-unknown-0 think we should use it , but ENT_amr-unknown-1 do you think ?
NE_thing-0 would be my ideal electoral system .
the whole constituency link issue would be less important if we have more localised politics .
i be sympathetic to NE_thing-0 , but then it seem that in the recent NE_country-0 election it 's just as vulnerable to disproportionalities as fptp...
NE_thing-0 be far and above the most fair system in my opinion .
representative + constituency link maintain .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 more could you ask for !
invade NE_country-0 .
think about it , ENT_amr-unknown-0 do NE_country-0 have that there be a potentially lucrative demand for ?
the answer , a well train and heavily equip military , which although short on number at the moment , could easily be bolster in a very short period of time .
the NE_country-0 rebel be cry out for assistance in overthrow NE_person-0 , so i say we make them an offer .
we 'll send an army of -CONST--0 troop to take NE_city-0 , and in return they will provide us with a promise of a fee - say , -CONST--1 ENT_percentage-entity-0 of all NE_country-0 oil revenue for the next -CONST--2 year .
so not only will the invasion create NE_country-0 job , take people off the street , provide invaluable battle @-@ field experience and be self @-@ financing....it could actually be profit make !
a -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 stake of all NE_country-0 oil revenue over the next -CONST--1 year could be worth -CONST--2 of pound .
it 's just a shame that with NE_person-0 and the NE_political-party-0 in a position of power , this left @-@ wing @/@ anti @-@ military coalition would never go for it .
NE_company-0 and such NE_country-0 company be already in NE_country-1 and have be for ENT_temporal-quantity-0 .
drastic action like you suggest will just form a beacon for all extremeists in NE_continent-0 to come to NE_country-0 to kill NE_country-1 citizen
-CONST--0 troop there 's barely that many soldier and officer in the entire army , most of whom be not frontline but rather logistics , intelligence , engineer personnel and so forth .
you 'd have to start give sailor and aircrew rifle and combat gear .
we be do enough as it be in NE_country-0 , anything further we can do must be humanitarian ( supply medical and food supply to NE_city-0 , for example ) or logistical ( supply train and weapon to the rebel in NE_city-1 so they stop suck )
NE_person-0 i think you underestimate how long it would take to train and equip -CONST--0 soldier then all the logistics and other such thing that an army would need .
if you be go to do it well i 'd say at least -CONST--0 to -CONST--1 year .
especially if you be do it to the standard of the NE_country-0 army .
i 'm not insult politician here ; i 'm defend them for once .
i always feel that people be impossible to please when it come to how politician appear in public .
take the tv debate for example : everyone hate NE_person-0 's " down with the people " and " i meet a black man the other day..." act , but at the same time , have he remain aloof and fail to engage with anyone , he would have aggravate another group of people , and be call a toff even more .
another example be that recent departure lounge picture , which everyone decry as a fake .
again , it 's a lose lose situation : some say it be stage publicity , which be bad ; others say it be genuine , but the whole holiday be a pathetic attempt to pretend that " we 're all in it together "; others still would doubtless complain if NE_person-0 flew off ENT_ordinal-entity-0 class to a -CONST--0 star resort instead of use NE_company-0 to go to some -CONST--1 star place in NE_country-0 ( or wherever it be ) .
this be n't unique to the NE_political-party-0 , those be just the example which sprang to mind .
sometimes i find satire a bit annoy , because it mean that politician can never seem to do anything right .
i wish people would keep the debate on policy and ability @/@ desire to deliver them , not ENT_amr-unknown-0 's a toff or ENT_amr-unknown-1 's fly ENT_amr-unknown-2 airline or holiday in ENT_amr-unknown-3 place , or use certain mannerism to respond to question .
just my random rant -CONST--0 cent .
yep , i feel extremely sympathetic to politicans .
i know quite a few personally and almost all of them be actually , dispite the hype , really good people !
they get hold to a higher standard than almost anyone else , seem loathe for do a very , very tough job and often for do what people claim they want them to do...
well , you know , -CONST--0 doubt whether some of these " hard work " politician would last very long if they have to work on a build site carry brick or steel gurders for -CONST--1 hour -CONST--2 day , or even work a -CONST--3 @-@ 5 carry heavy frozen meat produce from -CONST--4 cage to another -CONST--5 day -CONST--6 week .
i 'm sick and tired of this wishy washy social justice nonsense that the lib dems be inflicting on NE_person-0 's ENT_government-organization-0 .
what the country need be a NE_political-party-0 ENT_government-organization-0 .
a proper NE_political-party-0 ENT_government-organization-0 that will not be afraid to stand up for free market , hard work , britishness , NE_country-0 and our military .
i hope to NE_person-0 the av referendum return a big fat no so that this horrid leave wing coalition can be return to the dust and we can finally get on with real , NE_political-party-0 leadership ( thank to NE_event-0 , of course ) .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 have NE_event-0 get to do with have a NE_political-party-0 ENT_government-organization-0 ?
the problem for the NE_political-party-0 be n't the electoral system its that they do n't have enough widespread support in the electorate .
we have NE_event-0 last ENT_temporal-quantity-0 , the country be on its knee and we have have -CONST--0 year of NE_political-party-0 ENT_government-organization-0 , with NE_political-party-1 's popularity at rock bottom .
but still NE_event-0 NE_political-party-0 do n't have enough support to get a majority under fptp .
now the NE_political-party-0 be face the unpopularity of ENT_government-organization-0 and NE_political-party-1 be ahead on the opinion poll .
the lib dem vote will collapse but i bet more of their vote go to NE_political-party-0 @/@ NE_political-party-1 than it do the NE_political-party-2 .
i think the NE_country-0 be a broadly NE_political-party-0 nation up till the -CONST--0 s but since then it have turn against them , they have their lowest ever day in the mid @-@ late -CONST--1 s and early -CONST--2 s , even since they 've have an upturn on the back of a NE_political-party-1 ENT_government-organization-0 run into problem , they 've not be able to build a broad base of support in the country like NE_person-0 or NE_person-1 do .
the tories do n't get a majority because NE_political-party-0 fix the boundries .
NE_political-party-0 get a majority in -CONST--0 with -CONST--1 vote but the tories come short in -CONST--2 despite have -CONST--3 more vote than this .
some analyst reckon the tories need just another -CONST--0 vote to get that majority .
i would have vote based on what i think be best for the country .
if i honestly think NE_political-party-0 could solve the problem , despite all my problem with them , i would have vote NE_political-party-1 .
but that be n't the case .
but a lot of NE_political-party-0 voter -CONST--0 know/ have meet , have tell me that they vote labour because ' NE_political-party-1 only care about the rich '.
and that be it , you ask them ENT_amr-unknown-0 they think that and....nothing .
or another common reason ' NE_political-party-0 will take away ema and give the moeny to the rich '.
well yes , they take away ema , but ema be a stupid system anyway , unfair and put in place by the NE_political-party-0 ENT_government-organization-0 to try and make unemployment figure look better .
most NE_political-party-0 voter i know in real life vote for them either out of ignorance and view inherit from their parents/peers .
or because they want their pocket directly line .
now , i know this be n't the case for all NE_political-party-0 voter , hell there be some intelligent one on NE_publication-0 , who vote for NE_political-party-1 for decent reason , and though -CONST--0 disagree -CONST--1 respect them for that .
i just feel that NE_political-party-0 get a lot of vote from the reverse @-@ snob work class in area like mine .
so they can quite literally do anything , and people will still vote for them over the NE_political-party-0 .
i 'm fairly right wing , but i do n't think a full on NE_political-party-0 ENT_government-organization-0 be what anyone want .
this be a centrist country and the ENT_government-organization-0 should reflect that .
i 'd like it if we elect very socially liberal ENT_government-organization-0 all the time ( to the point of legalising and tax all narcotic ) , but i know that won't happen .
i 'd like withdrawl from the NE_organization-0 , but that won't happen .
politics in most democratic country do usually hover around the centre .
apart from the NE_country-0 , but that 's a cultural thing really .
as a NE_political-party-0 supporter , i disagree with the cut that the NE_government-organization-0 be currently make .
they be go too far , too fast .
their policy of contractionary fiscal policy create a substantial risk of the NE_country-0 slip back into recession , which mean consumer confidence will begin to fall even further , as people will be more likely to save , which lead to less money be pump into the economy , ie . a fall in aggregate demand .
with current level of unemployment very high , job loss will be the consequence of these harsh , unnecessary cut through the NE_government-organization-0 's contractionary fiscal policy .
on the other hand , NE_government-organization-0 's policy of expansionary fiscal policy mean that although the budget deficit will increase , a significant number of job will be create , aggregate demand will increase , which mean an increase in consumer confidence , therefore household income will increase , which may result in taxpayers move into a higher tax band , which lead to an increase in ENT_government-organization-0 revenue from taxation .
if we carry on with the current rate of cut , we will reverse to the -CONST--0 's , make the poorest poor , and the rich rich , same old NE_government-organization-0 !
cut need to be make at a steady pace , with the budget deficit dealt with once the economy be full steam ahead .
all view , opinion and thought be more than welcome
definately pro @-@ cut , even though the wife lose her job , she still agree with the cut , it 's for the good of the country as a whole
pro cut for me to because if you invest in the public sector like NE_government-organization-0 would it mean your get growth based on debt which doesnt work then we 'll eventually have the same problem again and run out of other people money to spend .
the only way you can have growth be by private investment .
i 'm not against the cut per se .
i 'm just against the reform that be go to cost as much to implement as they save and be do for ideological rather than financial reason .
cut be more or less inevitable , even if i do n't necessarily agree with ENT_amr-unknown-0 , ENT_amr-unknown-1 , ENT_amr-unknown-2 , ENT_amr-unknown-3 and ENT_amr-unknown-4 .
it make me cringe that the ENT_government-organization-0 be cut fund for the NE_country-0 people , and yet somehow fund the military to rain cluster of bomb over foreign people !
to be honest as much as everyone dislike them i do n't see any other political party put forward a decent proposal
this country literally have no money and be in huge amount of debt
i 'm against the increase in uni fee though , on the whole -CONST--0 do realise that university fee do have to increase , but treble them within the space of -CONST--1 year be far too much
i apologise in advance if there be something similar to this thread , but this be a topic that have interest me recently and would just like to hear your view on the matter .
i 'm a NE_country-0 NE_country-1 , born and bring up in NE_city-0 , however i would say i be very much in touch with my root and my view lean more towards the traditional and conservative side .
recently -CONST--0 watch a documentary by NE_person-0 ' NE_documentary-0 ', make a few year ago , yet a very interesting watch .
i have be on holiday to NE_country-0 a fair amount of time , and have traveled throughout the country , so i think i have a pretty accurate idea of the country as a whole and it 's people .
however , after watch the documentary and various other programs and film on NE_country-0 i be absolutely shock .
i may be wrong when i say this , but be NE_country-0 not found as a muslim state , yet only -CONST--0 year on and i do n't think the country match the vision it be initially create with .
it seem that the higher class be obsess with imitate and adopt NE_world-region-0 culture , in a sense it boost their superiority complex .
i actually find it shock , that most family who move to NE_country-0 in the 60 's like my grandfather have manage to maintain that cultural pride and certain tradition that have be lose among certain group of people in NE_country-1 .
drink be a common practice with the upper class society and personally i find it quite upset , it seem as if NE_country-0 be move in the opposite direction @- the rich become more obsess with NE_world-region-0 culture and the less well off be neglect further .
also whilst i 'm on this topic , have anyone see the NE_film-0 ' and ENT_amr-unknown-0 be your view ?
thank for read my thought !
liberalization be move in the opposite direction ?
personally , any nation 's judiciary system that be in anyway influence by objective morality scripture and superstition have no place in the -CONST--0 st century .
while i can understand your sentiment that be undesirable for tradition to be dismantle , ever since the fall of the wall in -CONST--0 , liberal democratic value have spread ( NE_book-0 , NE_person-0 , -CONST--1 ) and that do not preclude ( just yet ) the sovereign state whom be conform to NE_religious-group-0 teaching as their rule of law .
NE_world-region-0 culture give people individuality and let them choose whether to follow conservatism or choose their own destiny and the right to enjoy any liberty they desire ( as long as it do n't harm anybody else ) .
i think it be the right direction that NE_world-region-0 culture ( unforced ) be spread , it give a common ground for different culture to interact , promote tolerance and allow people to pick their own way of life .
i do n't see that be a problem .
and that 's a bad thing ENT_amr-unknown-0 ?
westernisation = progress .
imitate the most developed country in the world be n't really a bad thing .
NE_country-0 be found on the basis that muslims feel their interest would not be guard by a NE_religious-group-0 ENT_government-organization-0 , not as some spiritual muslim homeland .
as it be , i 'd hardly say NE_country-0 be ' NE_world-region-0 ', what with it 's blasphemy law , it 's constant conflict with NE_country-1 , conservative populace , tacit fund and support for various islamist organisations .
i think rather than worry about the populace , worry about yourself .
who be you to judge people if they wish to drink alcohol , or watch NE_world-region-0 tv ?
also , as you bemoan the NE_world-region-0 . it 's worth remember you would n't have have a country without us
i simply do n't get ENT_amr-unknown-0 NE_country-0 be such a huge threat .
they be merely retaliate to whatever our politician throw at them !
" if NE_country-0 change course , abandon its nuclear weapon ambition , and life up to its international obligation , it will be welcome back into the community of nations."...
as a weak country with no big weapon to defend its people..
yeh right , they 're so on board with that !
all the huge country that be bully NE_country-0 into submission right now with sanction and ENT_amr-unknown-0 not have nuclear weapon ?
ENT_amr-unknown-0 on earth be this fair ?
all the sanction be affect ordinary iranians !
soar food prices/ fuel...
ENT_amr-unknown-0 be the world do nothing ? !
do we want NE_country-0 to become the next NE_country-1 ?
this be totally unacceptable !
not to mention the meddle we have be do inside NE_country-0 for the past -CONST--0 year or so... install the shah.. overthrow democratic governments...
hey NE_country-0 assassinate some more NE_country-1 scientist ?
absolutely degrade behaviour by the NE_world-region-0 , no wonder they hate us !
because they have a pretty crazy guy at the head of their goverment - who 's develop nuclear weapon .
not to mention the grudge they have against the NE_world-region-0 .
they have a bad history of blow thing @/@ people they dont like up...
NE_person-0 , quaint... be you all dispute irans know history of terrorism or be you all moron ?
because NE_person-0 be a maniac .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 kind of history do the NE_country-0 have then ?
dont remember NE_country-0 start a war the last..lets say -CONST--0 year ?
that be a tongue in cheek remark i wasnt be entirely serious .
largely rhetoric to lie the groundwork to get support for the war .
this be n't do properly before go to war in NE_country-0 and we have people oppose to it from the start , also go in with mix message ' its about wmd and a bit about regime change ' look bad when there be n't any wmd there .
so we need to go in from the start say with NE_country-0 it 's about regime change , NE_person-0 be bad , he do n't respect womens right or whatever otherwise you will have the same situation if we say its about nuclear weapon and then go to war and do n't find any nuclear weapon .
i can understand the argument that nuclear proliferation be bad and any of these state have nuclear weapon be not desirable as it just lead to proliferation in the region , but that argument should have be use against NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 get nukes .
people say NE_country-0 have nukes be a risk because terrorist might be able to get hold of nuclear material...
well hello...pakistan have them .
remember when we go in to take out NE_person-0 we could n't tell the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 for fear that -CONST--0 would have be tip off and escaped...
that hardly fill me with confidence that they should be allow to have nuclear weapon .
the problem with these ' resolution ' targeting NE_country-0 be that everyone can see the hypocrisy , its a case of our ally can have nukes but others can n't .
a much better resolution would have be a hard resolution on non proliferation and disarmament in the region , which mean NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 have to disarm and NE_country-2 have to disarm , and any move by any country in the region towards get nuclear weapon would be meet by international air strike .
i could definitely support that as a non proliferation treaty .
i 've heard story of NE_country-0 , indians , bengalis , filipinos , NE_country-1 and NE_ethnic-group-0 with NE_continent-0 root be racially abuse in place like NE_country-2 , NE_country-3 , NE_country-4 and so on...
are you a non @-@ NE_ethnic-group-0 minority live in the middle @-@ east , or do you know someone who do ?
do you feel that the problem of racism be a big or a small one in comparison to place like NE_continent-0 ( the southern state in particular )?
it 's not so much racist , as -CONST--0 be ' classist '.
people from NE_country-0 , NE_country-1 , and so on often work as maid , driver , etc. in the NE_world-region-0 .
they do n't abuse you because you 're a certain skin color , they abuse you because they think you 're some servant that barely make any money and should be grateful for be there .
yes , there be racism in some NE_ethnic-group-0 country in the NE_world-region-0 .
if you be from NE_country-0 , NE_country-1 , NE_country-2 or any country that be n't very rich then you be mostly treat like crap .
however , if you be NE_country-0 , or from the NE_country-1 or any other rich NE_continent-0 country then they treat you really well .
NE_country-0 in particular be treat badly , there be indian maid and -CONST--0 be often hit by the house wife if they for example make a small mistake or sometimes they be hit with no reason .
i have relative who live in one of those rich NE_world-region-0 country and as far as i know they tell me that some of them whilst at school have experience racisms from children for example one of them a girl be call black and ugly and that her hair be bad but the teacher do n't do anything about it , they be racist themselves .
i have to admit i be really quite worry about russia..
in the mainstream media and popular consciousness the big doomsday scenario mainly centre around NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 , obviously both of those be grossly misrepresent , the idea of a NE_country-2 @-@ NE_country-3 war for example be objectively absurd and no serious commentator pay it any attention , it 's really just a propaganda tool and an exciting subject for video game .
the situation in NE_country-0 have the ability to cause a lot of misery in the NE_world-region-0 but again , iranian leader be really quite self aware , they know what they be do , and there be near enough no risk to the world at large even if they do acquire nuclear weapon of them actually use them , although we as simple peasant obviously need to believe that and go along with our ENT_government-organization-0 because if NE_country-1 do become a nuclear power then it will have a lot more independence and influence in the region and that obviously can n't be tolerate .
anyway , NE_country-0 , it seem to me , be the real potential doomsday scenario here .
almost all the condition of wiemar NE_country-0 be present ; economic downturn , unemployment , a recent history of loss of empire , rise nationalism and xenophobia .
and just like NE_country-0 there be a hard turn to the far right by the country 's middle class and the rise of egomaniacal leader who be already undermine what little democracy there have be in NE_country-1 .
there be even NE_person-0 youth league harass opponent above the law .
you have the ultra nationalist and deeply racist NE_tribe-0 , highly militant , extremely aggressive and become more and more mobilised , convince that the time have come for mother NE_country-0 and that x , y and z ethnic/religion/political group be responsible for the loss of NE_country-1 's glory and therefore must be eliminate .
just like NE_country-0 be , NE_country-1 still be a major military power , a nuclear one , and with -CONST--0 .
honestly when you think about it it really do look just.. terrify .
am i miss something here ?
can anyone explain further or recommend some read ?
yes , NE_country-0 do have huge problem with neo @-@ nazi ideology ( which be kind of ironic give the history of NE_country-1 ) .
it 's military be pretty brutal as well - see NE_province-0 .
NE_country-0 regularly interfere in it 's neighbour ( such as the NE_country-1 and the invasion of NE_country-2 when it become too NE_world-region-0 ) , but i do n't think it have much power beyond that , that be n't to say that they would n't if they could .
but they be hem in by NE_country-0 , NE_continent-0 and the NE_country-1 .
there be a lot of bitterness about how ex @-@ NE_country-0 state have become part of ' the NE_world-region-0 ' ( like poland and estonia for example ) .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 specifically be you concern about ?
it be n't go to invade NE_continent-0 again if that 's what you be concern about .
i mean they help the invasion of NE_country-0 and NE_person-0 ask to join NE_military-0 .
their close " NE_world-region-0 " ally be NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 ( and they be close ) .
NE_country-0 be n't really that close to any major power .
i disagree with this , at least not without huge structural change .
it have terrible future demographics ( with no available fix through immigration ) and be totally dependent on export oil and gas - as well as be run by corrupt oligarch ( who make NE_world-region-0 corporatism look non @-@ corrupt and benevolent ) .
i think NE_country-0 be pretty neutral about most international affair now , so i do n't see the big worry .
NE_country-0 have be reduce to nothing but a peripheral country that condemn whatever resolution the NE_world-region-0 put forward .
the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 be pretty bad , but ENT_government-organization-1 opposition be worse .
the leader of the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 largest party in NE_country-0 , the NE_political-party-0 , want NE_country-1 to be " re @-@ stalinised ".
the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 largest NE_political-party-0 , be pretty nutty too .
-CONST--0 off , a disclaimer of sort , these be my opinion based on news report and a little research around the topic so i apologise if my fact be wrong or inaccurate .
like the title say i welcome thought either on my opinion , or on the matter in question .
anyone who follow the news will have hear in amidst all the " NE_organization-0 crisis " there be an issue grow between the NE_world-region-0 and the NE_world-region-1 .
specifically NE_country-0 and its attempt at a nuclear program , where NE_country-1 hope to gain nuclear power for peaceful purpose ( NE_country-2 's statement ) .
the NE_country-0 and NE_organization-0 however believe that NE_country-1 be use this nuclear program to develop and obtain nuclear weapon claim they have " information suggest NE_country-2 have carry out test relevant to the development of a nuclear explosive device ".
due to this the NE_country-0 and NE_organization-0 have impose sanction on NE_country-1 involve limit on the oil buy from NE_country-2 which in turn decrease their economy and other sanction of similar consequence .
right now that that 's do i can state my opinion , -CONST--0 correct anything i have put that be wrong !
my opinion in short be this , the NE_country-0 and NE_organization-0 have no right to impose sanction on NE_country-1 and to deter their nuclear program .
however , i be very oppose to NE_country-0 gain nuclear weapon and threaten ww3 and in fact i be oppose to any country have nuclear weapon .
the only argument the NE_country-0 and NE_organization-0 have be that NE_country-1 be not a stable country at the moment and a unstable country should n't be able to kill -CONST--0 at the touch of a button .
however for them to tell another country what they can n't have , when they have nuclear weapon themselves be nothing except hypocrisy .
from NE_country-0 's point of view , one could argue that our ENT_government-organization-0 be unstable with new leader every -CONST--0 year with differ opinion and view .
what right do we have to dictate what another country can and cannot do .
i think that 's the essence of my argument , and i accept that the " NE_country-0 instability " be a big part of the sanction .
thank you for read and i hope i 'm not completely ignorant here !
ENT_amr-unknown-0 do country not have a right to tell others what to do ?
people tell each other what to do all day every day , ENT_amr-unknown-0 should country be exempt ?
of course , NE_country-0 have every right to say " no ", but then those other country have every right to refuse to trade with them .
though i do n't believe we should have nuclear weapon either - it 's not hypocritical as such .
have a new leader every -CONST--0 year do n't make a country unstable ( otherwise irans single leader would be highly stable ) .
most country who have nuclear weapon now can be trust not to abuse -CONST--0 - NE_country-0 cannot .
regardless , i personally do n't think world security should be hold back just because someone be worry about be a bit hypocritical .
i believe that the only reason why NE_country-0 gun sight have be train on NE_country-1 be because of NE_country-2 decision to switch from petro @-@ dollar ( NE_country-3 ) to the gold standard or something similar .
this would would have a detrimental effect on the NE_country-0 economy , or practically any economy that relies on the dollar as a currency and as a result , the already weak NE_country-1 economy would lose it 's lead place .
all the other aspect , nuclear power and oppressive regime be just a side issue .
this be demonstrate time and time again when NE_person-0 switch to euros in -CONST--0 and NE_person-1 want to switch to the gold standard before he be topple .
the NE_organization-0 also want something similar and i do n't know what happen to that .
there be still no evidence against NE_country-0 .
the NE_organization-0 have be in many time .
all we have be suspicion .
also the NE_organization-0 publish the name of all NE_country-0 nuclear scientist be rather sinister .
they very well knew this be like gold dust to NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 ie assassination target . impartiality ?
i think not .
the hypocrisy argument get nowhere , but most fail to understand the double standard suggest an ulterior motive , at the least a lack in credibility of the NE_world-region-0 .
NE_country-0 have illegally obtain and continue to have a nuclear arsenal , not to mention the innumerable NE_organization-0 violation against it 's neighbour , yet it be metaphorically scot free to do as it please .
it 's like they be play NE_game-0 : the political leadership of NE_country-0 / NE_country-1 and NE_country-2 seem to me more likely to " go all in " rather than back down and fold or negotiate .
i think it 's a while off yet .
NE_country-0 be have a decent time trade with the NE_world-region-0 , and try to stick -CONST--0 finger up to the NE_world-region-1 .
neither side want 's to jepordise their economic security by engage in what will be a costly and deadly military action .
i think the only problem will come if and when iran stop allow nuclear inspection , or when the un/nato/the NE_world-region-0 decide that there be a high probability that NE_country-0 be near realisation of weaponised nulcear material .
i personally find NE_country-0 's behaviour at the NE_organization-0 this week to be absolutely disgust .
apparently they 're threaten to veto a resolution on NE_country-0 if it do not explicitly rule out foreign military intervention .
the text have already be ' water down ' to omit the demand that NE_person-0 step down , yet again to appease the NE_government-organization-0 .
every day nearly -CONST--0 innocent civilian be be massacre by the fascist ENT_government-organization-0 in NE_country-0 ( at a far quick rate than those NE_country-1 who have die at the hand of NE_country-2 ) .
but ENT_amr-unknown-0 be the demonstration ?
ENT_amr-unknown-0 be the ' blood for oil ' and ' victory to the intifada ' moron ?
ENT_amr-unknown-0 be the hysterical student compare NE_person-0 to NE_person-1 and NE_person-2 to an NE_military-0 commandant ?
ENT_amr-unknown-0 be the NE_country-0 flag be display next to swastika ?
ENT_amr-unknown-0 be NE_person-0 's film condemn these indiscriminate murder ?
ENT_amr-unknown-0 's the public outcry about NE_country-0 veto and unilateralism ( a criticism routinely employ - rightly - against the NE_country-1 when NE_country-2 veto resolution on NE_country-3 aggression )?
so many have be kill that the NE_organization-0 have give up try to count casualty , and yet we have a clique of barbarian and mafia crook in NE_city-0 hold the world hostage over this issue .
NE_country-0 be renovate a military base in NE_country-1 , have arm deal worth -CONST--0 , infrastructure and energy deal .
NE_country-0 oil , gas and steel company have substantial interest in NE_country-1 include an NE_country-2 gas pipeline , gas process plant , deal with national syrian oil company and oil exploration there .
NE_country-0 want stability and a friendly regime to ensure the security of their interest , so they back NE_person-0 .
that 's NE_country-0 for you .
nevertheless , NE_person-0 would be lucky if he survive this year .
it 's a similar situation to NE_country-0 .
the rebel need help with the big military target , but when it come to grind operation , they be more than capable of handle the situation .
if you wish to understand NE_country-0 's reason , know -CONST--0 national interest .
in this case arm contract worth $ -CONST--0 be a national interest .
no way be they go to let that go down the drain if they can do something about it .
nor be they will to lose face by openly support the NE_country-0 regime .
they will just exercise their NE_organization-0 privilege and keep sneak the promised weapon into NE_country-0 -CONST--0 way or the other and keep cash in on the opportunity .
personally , i do n't think they would start ww3 if NE_country-0 be attack , because they have more to lose , and they 'd probably just do thing like supply weapon etc...
any one else have an opinion on this ?
if ww3 do break out , we know we can go to NE_country-0 or NE_country-1
good to see NE_country-0 back the NE_country-1 .
whilst i think the prospect of ww3 be a slight bit of over kill the chinese do have a point in that the NE_world-region-0 be in no position to meddle in iranian affair least of all at this stage
NE_country-0 hey dude , sup
NE_country-0 hows it goin bro
NE_country-0 yeh just u no how u like killin your own peep just like i do ?
NE_country-0 yeh lol
NE_country-0 let like hang out together n attack ppl who try to stop us killin our peep
NE_country-0 sure thing bro
NE_country-0 would eventually lose .
anyone , watch any of the gop NE_political-party-0 presidential debate , as you can see the media pathetic effort for pretend that NE_person-0 do n't exist .
NE_person-0 be right on every level but the mainstream media do not want him to get as much talk time as other puppet such as NE_person-1 santo rum and NE_person-2
i 'm in .
he be amaze , the only person who can take the NE_country-0 forward .
however , he appear to be lose steam as a result of the time of NE_state-0 and NE_state-1 .
do you realise that NE_person-0 would disapprove of the video in your sig vehemently ?
probably , but then due to the fact it 's get more space , the NE_country-0 do n't have the same problem with NE_religious-group-0 as NE_continent-0 do .
also , the NE_country-0 's biggest problem at the moment be an economic one .
people be say this everywhere now and the consequence be unknow .
could this really happen ?
only if NE_person-0 doesnt become president then there will be war .
the NE_country-0 have n't the capacity to commit to a full @-@ scale war with NE_country-1 at present if one keep in mind its quite significant pre @-@ exist commitment , the state of the economy , and the strength of NE_country-2 's defensive capability - targeted strike( s ) seem more likely , or perhaps greater action by NE_country-3 , but i doubt that .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 be the NE_country-0 allow NE_person-0 and her -CONST--0 children to remain in the uk ?
i know she be born and raise in NE_city-0 , but do you think that the NE_country-0 be as anti @-@ NE_person-0 as it claim ?
-CONST--0 word , -CONST--1 letter , -CONST--2 vowel , -CONST--3 consonant .
oil
but there be sanction on oil export ?
i know this sound too nice but it 's maybe because a person family should not suffer for the ' crime ' of an individual .
she 's NE_country-0 i think .
we 've be hear a lot in the news about NE_country-0 and its threat to shut the straight NE_strait-0 , and how NE_world-region-0 country ( e.g . the NE_country-1 and NE_country-2 ) , but ENT_amr-unknown-0 be the country around the straight react to the threat ?
as i cant seem to find anything on how country such as NE_country-0 , NE_country-1 the NE_country-2 be react .
wild speculation be welcome here
this be backwards .
it 's not a threat , it 's a response to the threat of others , e.g " attack us and we 'll close the NE_strait-0 ".
there be nothing for other country to respond to .
they be the would @-@ be aggressor .
unfortunately most tsr'rs be too brainwash to see that .
just so stupid .
NE_country-0 's the only one with the ball to stand up to israel/usa .
if they fall due to the surround country go against them , then they 'll continue remain sheeps and it won't be long till they 're topple themselves .
i support NE_country-0 's arm up though , as i do for all muslim nation , weapon may be useful in future .
the NE_country-0 only exist in part because of NE_country-1 .
NE_country-0 sell almost -CONST--0 $ of arm to the NE_religious-group-0 republic during the NE_country-1 @-@ NE_country-2 war and provide load of military aid ( this be while NE_country-3 be apparently a suppose sworn enemy ) , train and even helpfully remove NE_country-4 's nuclear capacity in NE_event-0 ; where if NE_person-0 have develop nuclear weaponry he would have undoubtedly use against NE_country-5 .
did you know that there be a camp just outside NE_city-0 of NE_country-0 tactician aid NE_person-0 and co against NE_country-1 for the whole of the conflict with NE_country-2 ?
the NE_country-0 owe an awful lot to NE_country-1 - it enable it to survive against NE_person-0 and continue the war with NE_country-2 ( by continue the war this enabled it to solidify it 's position by kill -CONST--0 and -CONST--1 of NE_country-3 democrat and other member of the opposition - as well as terrorising the population ) .
do n't forget that NE_country-0 support NE_country-1 when they invade NE_country-2 and NE_country-3 as well .
these be the fact :
in the west , it be threaten by NE_country-0 , in which NE_country-1 force be still present
in the east , NE_country-0 have at least -CONST--0 NE_country-1 troop alone
south @-@ east , NE_country-0 nuclear arm , corrupt official and be a NE_country-1 ally
all around be NE_ethnic-group-0 country with friendly tie to the NE_country-0 who keep rally for the ' head to be cut off the snake '
north @-@ west , NE_country-0 , NE_military-0 ally
north @-@ east contain refuel station for NE_country-0 millitary vehicle in NE_country-1
ENT_amr-unknown-0 be really be threaten here ?
sorry to inform you : that be exactly why we would go to war -CONST--0
as nice as it would be for country like the NE_country-0 and the NE_country-1 to be over there to help , the truth be we would n't interfere if it be n't for the oil and other economic and political gain .
if they do restrict the straight it will will cause a massive decrease in the amount of oil to the west ( -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 of import oil come from the straight accord to a figure i see on the news ) , and our economy would greatly suffer...
we would in that situation definitely cause a big commotion .
i highly doubt there would be a ww3 , but i do know for certain that the big country and supper power would go to NE_war-0 due to globalisation and economic link .
in NE_country-0 the poor quality of local broadcaster 's international news seem to have completely baffle the general population as to exactly what be go on , the coverage be utterly appeal to be honest and regularly confuse their nuclear programs and their attempt to blockade the NE_strait-0 homuz .
politically the general gist of thing be that the current NE_political-party-0 ENT_government-organization-0 be stuck between suck up to the NE_country-0 and therefore get embroil in any potential conflict ( NE_ship-0 be presently off NE_country-1 under NE_military-0 command and could get draft in should military action commence ) and the fact that the NE_political-party-1 now have control over them through their control of the NE_government-organization-0 and their single NE_government-organization-1 seat ( hung parliament for you ) and of course be very anti @-@ war , anti @-@ nato and anti @-@ anzus .
the ultimate result will be down to who be prime minister when such a situation occur , accord to the union they intend to fire NE_person-0 next month and replace her with NE_person-1 yet again who be extremely pro @-@ NE_country-0 and less align with the NE_country-1 although he will probably suck up to NE_person-2 as well .
the opposition will attempt to counter any potential for enter the war with statement such as " they 'll be NE_country-0 boatpeople " cause national panic and further hatred of innocent refugee potentially lead to an early election and a coalition ( NE_political-party-0 @-@ NE_political-party-1 ) ENT_government-organization-0 be form who will support the war to a degree but otherwise will be to focused on NE_country-1 which be the main aim of their entire foreign policy .
over these past -CONST--0 year , i have notice an increase amount of NE_country-0 news report which have culminated in the recent attack on the NE_country-1 NE_government-organization-0 with both country expel our respective diplomat .
it now seem certain to me that within the next decade the NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 among others will be involve in a fully fledge war against NE_country-2 .
throughout history , the expel of diplomat have usually meant one thing and when this be couple with the NE_event-0 alongside general unrest for a long period in NE_country-0 , it seem inevitable we be head towards another war .
as a general question , i would like to ask others to see what you think ?
are we go to war , what can we do to avoid this and just in general for people to air their opinion on another war in the NE_world-region-0 .
p.s. just to clarify i be neither anti nor pro war , this be just a launch pad for a discussion .
given the NE_country-0 mentality i would say we will see NE_country-1 strike NE_country-2 .
would't be shock if they use nukes either tbh
that be a big claim ,
it would quite an amaze escalation if NE_country-0 use nuclear bomb on NE_country-1 .
i know , however NE_country-0 be go to know that if they strike NE_country-1 will hit back .
conventional weapon may not even be able to hit some of the fortified facility either .
the idea of a single debilitate strike on NE_country-0 that will stop it ever be able to strike back be go to be very very tempt for NE_country-1 .
and depending on which way the NE_country-0 election go -CONST--0 support may not be forthcoming if someone like NE_person-0 get elect
if they have @/@ get nukes , no one 's invade NE_country-0 .
i personally think it would be cool , NE_country-0 might have to think -CONST--0 before carry out major bombings in palastine etc.
there will always be that deterrant if NE_country-0 get nukes .
of course not but the question be fast become not will NE_country-0 strike but ENT_amr-unknown-0 and how .
a conventional strike on NE_country-0 be go to raise massive geopolitical consequence too . include huge damage to the world economy and the possible destruction of NE_country-1 .
bit of a novice at economics but i be wonder , after NE_person-0 's death why be the stock market in NE_continent-0 @/@ NE_country-0 fall ;
be they anticipate something ? thank
this will hopefully herald the end of socialism as we know it as people will realise that it be doom to fail .
just lead to insecurity in market
you look at koreas neighbour NE_country-0 , south NE_country-1 etc all major player in the world economy .
im sure some dirty banker have vest interest also .
but ENT_amr-unknown-0 to say it be NE_person-0 bring down the market .
with the primary quickly approach i think it would be a good idea to have a thread on everything relate to the -CONST--0 election .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 do people think will be the NE_political-party-0 nominee ?
ENT_amr-unknown-0 do you think have the best chance of beat NE_person-0 ?
for me it seem that it be go to come down to a two @-@ way race for the nomination between NE_person-0 and NE_person-1 .
i can n't see any of the others get the nomination .
NE_person-0 probably have a better chance than NE_person-1 of beat NE_person-2 .
there be now a poll .
if you do n't think any of the candidate can beat NE_person-0 then that go under ' other '.
i personally would like to see NE_person-0 be the nominee , but NE_person-1 probably have better chance of become a NE_company-0 than this happen .
the republican will probably go with NE_person-0 over NE_person-1 .
it be a shame that scandal have hit NE_person-0 because -CONST--0 have promise .
i be an NE_political-party-0 voter and my opinion be that who ever the NE_political-party-1 nominee be , they probably won't be willing to do what 's necessary for the u.s. economy if elect .
if NE_person-0 be reelected he definitely won't be willing to do what 's necessary for the economy .
i hope most other independent feel the same .
i 'd be happy with anyone but NE_person-0 nothing less than our economy 's complete demise and be clearly anti @-@ NE_country-0 .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 do everybody think about the possibility of go to war with NE_country-0 ?
the NE_country-0 be make move encourage a very likely chance of war !
do you think it will happen ?
do you think it should happen ? discuss...
mark my word . no other country will attack NE_country-0 except for NE_country-1 , with perhaps military support in term of intelligence from the us/uk .
the NE_country-0 do not have the mean to carry out an attack on NE_country-1 . -
forget the fact that the us/uk/nato would never get the support from the international community to carry out an attack .
NE_country-0 ? they can do what they want .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 be people view on the current NE_country-0 occupation of NE_country-1 .
should it be free from their imperialist grip etc....?
ENT_amr-unknown-0 do you 's think of the current arm struggle ?
was the war involve the ira and inla a success or a failure ?
and ENT_amr-unknown-0 be your view on those try to establish a socialist republic in NE_country-0 ( not the NE_military-0 's )?
i really do n't think anyone in NE_country-0 care much about NE_country-1 .
i do n't think many people really understand why you insist on murder each other either .
NE_country-0 need to overcome its grip of alcohol .
first , NE_country-0 no long occupy the southen -CONST--0 state .
the idea of an arm struggle be preposterous , even to strong nationalist the idea of free healthcare , a stronger economy and less corrupt politics make war even more ridiculous .
currently those in the ira be terrorist fight a pointless war they 'll never win .
socialism be in itself a fair theory for ENT_government-organization-0 , yet no country have establish a socialist republic that be superior to the current democracy
the law of return give NE_religious-group-0 people and those who half NE_religious-group-1 on their mother 's side the right to become NE_country-0 citizen .
this be a ridiculous sexist and racist law that nation around the world should oppose .
NE_country-0 be now refuse to give aid to country who discriminate against gay , we must now do the same to sexist and racist nation .
a number of state world wide have similar discrimination , however we deem NE_country-0 as a modernised civilize society .
NE_country-0 must set an example to these less develop nation by scrape this outrageous policy .
what if the ENT_government-organization-0 say all people of NE_continent-0 heritage be free to become NE_country-0 citizen would we call ENT_government-organization-1 racist ?
NE_country-0 be a NE_religious-group-0 state , specifically .
create for the NE_religious-group-0 people , do n't seem that odd that if you 're NE_religious-group-1 you 're allow citizenship .
judaism be pass through the mother ( a jewish mother make you a full blood NE_religious-group-0 , not half jewish ) that 's how judaims work .
so it 's not that sexist per se it simply follow the NE_religious-group-0 law of inheritance .
other religion be pass soley through the father , be they sexist too ?
make NE_thing-0 be n't exactly a small step...
and as soon as you 're a citizen if you 're under -CONST--0 ( -CONST--1 for women ) you will have to join the NE_military-0 .
i just do n't think it 's that shock or appal .
also , they have a very good refugee policy - they 'll take pretty much anyone who be flee for safety .
country be free to make up immigration rule as they please .
it happen here in the NE_country-0 and around the world .
for example if my grandfather be a NE_country-0 citizen born in the NE_country-1 , who then move and marry a none NE_country-2 citizen , and they then have my mother outside of the NE_country-3 , my mother would still be eligible for citizenship .
however if my mother then marry a non brit and give birth to me outside of NE_country-0 i would no longer be eligible for citizenship as citizenship right only extend -CONST--0 generation in the uk .
however if it be NE_country-0 instead of the NE_country-1 i would still be eligible for citizenship if my grandfather be irish .
so i would be NE_country-0 if my grandfather be NE_country-1 , but i would not be NE_country-2 if my grandfather be NE_country-3 .
be this discriminatory ? yes..
but immigration law by their very nature be discriminatory , that be their whole purpose , to discriminate who be and who be n't allow into a country .
all nation have them and they all tend to be different ( which be normal consider different nation have different culture , tradition and custom ) , it just so happen that in NE_country-0 the requirement be that your mother be @/@ be NE_religious-group-0 , it be different to requirments in other country but it be no less valid .
read the newspaper today you may have see an article regard a teenager call -CONST--0 -CONST--1 .
he be part of a scheme organised to document the effect of drone strike , he be give a camera .
on his way to his aunt house he and his -CONST--0 year old cousin be slaughter by an illegal NE_government-organization-0 drone strike .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 the **** be wrong with NE_country-0 ?
ENT_amr-unknown-0 will go to ****ing court because of this ?
no @-@ one cos its NE_country-0 , and they be clearly above the law because they have money .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 the **** can NE_country-0 complain about NE_country-1 home @-@ make rocket when they 're use drone without a care in teh world ?
ENT_amr-unknown-0 do NE_country-0 have the right to ****ing attack anywhere its want without any accountability ?
it 's not a bloody NE_product-0 killstreak .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 they kill civillians do they have the cheek , to quote NE_newspaper-0 article to say ' they 're have be no collateral damage in drone attack ' ENT_amr-unknown-1 accord to NE_newspaper-1 time again there be picture of incinerate young children ?
now do you understand why many people , especially muslims have a gripe against the NE_country-0 ?
at least most muslims be sane , unlike the NE_country-0 goverment who just can n't seem to ENT_government-organization-0 commit terrorist act .
i 'm sorry for the swear , i 'm not one to usually swear , but the NE_government-organization-0 et al be a joke .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 the negs ?
the kill of this and several other innocent be okay ?
if NE_country-0 sent a little drone to NE_country-1 and do the samething , ENT_amr-unknown-0 would the ramifcations be ?
ENT_amr-unknown-0 would the outcry be like..?
NE_person-0 i suggest that you watch the NE_documentary-0 ''secret pakistan'' on NE_product-0 and then come back to argue .
this suppose ally of the NE_country-0 be train and prepare innocent NE_country-1 children who be too young to understand NE_religious-group-0 properly to go into a busy NE_country-2 bazaar to blow up innocent -CONST--0 civilian .
this be what NE_country-0 deserve for fund lunatic NE_religious-group-0 rebel since the the -CONST--0 s against any NE_country-1 ENT_government-organization-0 that have exist .
it be the price pay for the -CONST--0 dead NE_country-0 during the NE_country-1 occupation and the civil war which -CONST--1 fund .
the truth be , every time these drone hit , they kill maybe -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 terrorist ( at max ) and -CONST--1 ENT_percentage-entity-1 civilian .
each of this civilian be a real human with real emotion , not just a statistic .
for instance , a -CONST--0 year old kid see their father blown to piece , you expect them to love the NE_country-0 ?
they become radicalised and ready to murder NE_country-0 at any cost .
NE_country-0 strategically target civilian so they have a reason to stay there due to further radicalisation of youth .
i try to watch the NE_program-0 " but the question i keep ask be ENT_amr-unknown-0 ?
in the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 -CONST--0 - -CONST--1 minute they never explain why NE_country-0 would want to double cross .
now do n't get me wrong there will be people within the intellilgence who be double cross and have a secret agenda .
but to the highest level as a whole ENT_amr-unknown-0 would the ENT_government-organization-0 want such destabilisation from all angle .
the president be corrupt and money hungry but i would say that there be plenty of easier way for him to do that if he so please and put the country into turmoil and him in a terrible light would surely be foolish .
and re the whole drone thingn i really struggle to understand how they can be justify at all .
when lot of people in NE_country-0 die in -CONST--0 they feel angry , agrieved and wwant revenge .
to do this they go on a long war result in -CONST--0 of death and also do not take regard for country ' sovereignty .
now again a lot if not the majority of death be not cause by the NE_country-0 directly but a significantly large number be therefore it be still a valid point to raise .
i would love to know how a NE_country-0 citizen would react if bomb be drop on their home town by a foreign country .
i 'm sure they would be happy to forget it and want no justice .
you know what i love ?
all these people say ohh , you be create the terrorism !
well , we would n't be do anytyhing be it not for the terrorist in the first place .
and ENT_amr-unknown-0 cause have they ?
they do n't like NE_country-0 foireign policy .
so instead of go to a parliment meet , they go to armory and decide to blow **** up and kill innocent .
you want someone to blame for the death of civilian in NE_country-0 , NE_country-1 and NE_country-2 , look no further than muslim terrorist .
i think most people be look at this , again , without an objective analysis of the situation .
ever since the intervention in NE_country-0 and drone attack of NE_country-1 , can anyone give me a successful attack by NE_criminal-organization-0 on the NE_world-region-0 since the -CONST--0 ?
some people should know better that the NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 ally be not on some mission to kill innocent civilian , quite the contrary .
most of the contribution in this topic have fail to recognize that NE_religious-group-0 fundamentalist have be operate in NE_country-0 and be the root cause of terrorism in that area .
in -CONST--0 , NE_country-0 see -CONST--1 terrorist attack leave -CONST--2 people dead .
in -CONST--0 , NE_country-0 see -CONST--1 terrorist attack , result in -CONST--2 casualty .
in -CONST--0 , NE_country-0 see -CONST--1 terrorist attack , result in -CONST--2 casualty .
in -CONST--0 , NE_country-0 see -CONST--1 terrorist attack , that result in -CONST--2 fatality .
terrorist attack have kill over -CONST--0 people .
if we compare this to figure of civilian casualty ( which i will go into ) it be quite a healthy ratio as of the -CONST--0 to -CONST--1 kill , -CONST--2 be think to be civilian , in contrast of the NE_criminal-organization-0 @/@ NE_criminal-organization-1 's operation to kill civilian .
interestingly , the number of terror attack in NE_country-0 drop which can prove to be conclusive evidence of the effect on NE_criminal-organization-0 and NE_criminal-organization-1 leadership and their effective operational capability that be decrease .
one can logically say these drone attack be work , which be report on both side if you look at the current fragmentation of NE_criminal-organization-0 and asscoatied jihadist sect leadership operate on the NE_country-0 @-@ NE_country-1 border .
from a strategy perspective , in -CONST--0 and -CONST--1 , air drone be equip with new missile call -CONST--2 -CONST--3 -CONST--4 ( ssw ) or typically know as ' -CONST--5 .'
these missile have increase accuracy and expand surveillance , include the use of small , unarm surveillance drone to pinpoint the exact location of target .
ever since the introduction of civilian causality countermeasure technology , NE_company-0 report that -CONST--0 militant be kill and only -CONST--1 civilian kill in drone attack in mid @-@ -CONST--2 .
NE_organization-0 believe that civilian casaulties have decrease from -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 to an estimate -CONST--1 ENT_percentage-entity-1 , with a total of -CONST--2 civilian kill since -CONST--3 -CONST--4 .
on the ground of legality , accord to the NE_treaty-0 , member of regular arm force - involve in conflict - be the only person who may be consider lawful combatant and authorised to use lethal force .
the operator in NE_country-0 be the NE_military-0 ( usaf ) and the pakistani military .
so , ENT_amr-unknown-0 really murder more ?
NE_religious-group-0 fundamentalist group total of -CONST--0 casualty ( since -CONST--1 ) or the NE_country-0 ' -CONST--2 casualty ( since -CONST--3 )?
ENT_amr-unknown-0 can n't people think the same thing ? if it be -CONST--0 american kid dad there would be media furore .
i do n't see these -CONST--0 kid name on the news ?
yet we see soldier who make a choice to go and fight on the news when they die .
actually , it do
that be the very definition of democracy , if something pass by the tiniest fraction of a percent need then everyone and everything else can be ignore .
of course this be not how we work , but then you can n't start say we 're undemocratic because people do n't turn out for the vote , that be their problem , not the ENT_government-organization-0 .
and -CONST--0 don ; t get start on the coalition .
it be democratic because together they recieved more vote than NE_political-party-0 , so they have a right to power .
right , so to you there 's no difference in blow up -CONST--0 's of civilian in a crowd market place , and blow up a build but phone the threat in beforehand to minimise civilian casualty ? in that case , it 's ok every , bishy just basically say collaterol damage do n't exist for any NE_world-region-0 force as there 's no distinction between force use . let 's start bomb civilian area , it just do n't matter apparantly and of course , i do n't condone either group , afterall , the NE_military-0 's aim be only achieve after they lay down their arm .
no more than it be for someone to blow you up .
there seem to be a misconception hold by some that NE_country-0 be not a welfare state .
do anyone know the percentage of gdp they spend on welfare and benefit of all kind compare to say NE_country-0 or the scandanavian nation ?
- who be usually consider the biggest welfare state in the world .
edit :
ok , so i have have look today and it look like NE_country-0 spend -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 of its budget on welfare programme .
-CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 if you add pension .
look at this chart here from the us ENT_government-organization-0 spend website .
it have -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 health , -CONST--1 ENT_percentage-entity-1 pension , and -CONST--2 ENT_percentage-entity-2 welfare .
be that ENT_amr-unknown-0 to work it out ?
-CONST--0 : //www.usgovernmentspending.com/federal_spending
yes , a lot of money ( read . too much money ) be spend on ss etc.
however , the taxation rate on average be still -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 higher at least in european nation .
this be why we need a NE_political-party-0 ENT_government-organization-0 to try and decrease our ridiculous ENT_government-organization-1 spend .
NE_political-party-0 do nothing but spend money , and fight war --- and encourage war --- and spend more money try to put americans in a constant state of fear .
NE_political-party-0 be a joke
apparently -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 of americas budget be spend on NE_program-0 @/@ NE_program-1 and NE_program-2 which be a joke consider how naff NE_country-0 welfare be
suppose you get a letter that state you must attend -CONST--0 ENT_temporal-quantity-0 of military train before you be send to iran/zimbabwe/syria to protect the civilian from oppression .
it must be on ground to minimise civilian casualty .
your friend be go to protect these civilian too .
do you go or do you sacrifice your dignity ?
this be a " humanitarian " mission after all .
not go would in no way sacrifice your dignity .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 if you have -CONST--0 children to fee ?
ENT_amr-unknown-0 would make the choice not to leave them alone and destitute mean you surrender your dignity .
this be nonsense .
in answer to the more general question you be try to pose : no , i would n't .
anybody who do such work deserve all of our respect ( assume no ulterior motive ) but it be n't for everyone , and that do n't make somebody a bad person .
i would protect my family and friend , i have no interest in personally protect strangers...
i 'm not here to save the world , in no way do that decision impact my dignity
in -CONST--0 NE_country-0 be the poorest country in the world , before the NE_military-0 intervention NE_country-1 enjoy the highest standard of live in NE_continent-0 .
in NE_country-0 , home be consider a human right .
newly marry couple receive $ -CONST--0 to buy their own home and electricity be free for all .
im not make all this up
NE_person-0 vow to house every NE_country-0 before his own parent , he keep his promise and his own father die before he be able to be house .
before NE_person-0 , less than -CONST--0 @/@ -CONST--1 th of NE_country-0 be literate .
now education be free and high quality .
literacy rate be now -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 .
healthcare be also free .
if libyans cannot find the education or healthcare they need in NE_country-0 the ENT_government-organization-0 unds them to go abroad to access it .
all loan be interest free by law .
if a NE_country-0 buy a car , the ENT_government-organization-0 pay -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 of the price .
the price of fuel be $.14 -CONST--0 gallon .
any NE_country-0 wish to become a farmer be give free use of land , a home , equipment , livestock and seed .
on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 sr -CONST--2 , 1.7million people assemble in NE_facility-0 , NE_city-0 to show defiance against the NE_military-0 bomb of NE_country-0 .
this represent around -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 of the population of NE_city-0 .
the NE_country-0 central bank be state own and unlike bank in the west be now own by the elite or ridden by debt .
NE_person-0 didnt have to drive around in NE_country-0 with -CONST--0 inch thick glass or a tank like NE_person-1 do ,
search NE_publication-0 , theres plenty of video of him beign drive around wave and shake hand of the -CONST--0 of people run after him .
-CONST--0 year ago NE_world-region-0 leader all over the world praise him .
yes NE_person-0 have be accuse of some terrible thing , but look at the thing NE_world-region-0 leader do all of the time .
the second he start give out oil contract to NE_country-0 @/@ NE_continent-0 he be oust .
disgust .
ok , cool story , but here 's some fact :
1. he start a war in NE_country-0 - a crushingly poor nation that be in the middle of a civil war at the time - with the intent of establish a puppet NE_organization-0 that he could control .
thankfully he fail after NE_country-0 of NE_country-1 , expel his force .
2. he start this war in NE_country-0 by lure immigrant from NE_country-1 and poor sahelian nation to NE_country-2 with the promise of civilian work , and then press @-@ ganging them into fight as the NE_military-0 .
many legionnaires be still a major threat to peace and stability in NE_world-region-0 today , specifically in NE_country-region-0 where they be now know as the NE_military-0 .
perhaps you 've hear of them ?
3. he directly fund terrorism against the NE_country-0 in the form of the NE_military-0 , which he also train and equip , and sponsor other act of international terrorism such as the NE_city-0 bomb .
4. he embezzle -CONST--0 of dollar of public ENT_monetary-quantity-0 to fund a lavish , dictatorial lifestyle for him and his family .
5. he illegally proliferate nuclear weapon , chemical weapon and biological weapon in flagrant violation of international law .
6. any political dissent within NE_country-0 be brutally repress by the NE_military-0 , directly lead by NE_person-0 - one of his son , and compose of foreign mercenary willing to do anything against the -CONST--0 people for their next payslip .
7. NE_country-0 political refugee be assassinate by the state as a mean to oppress the opposition to his rule .
if you have any love lose for this man you be a terrible human be .
i think he do that to keep his people happy so that people would be less likely to oppose him or he start out good genuinely want to help his people but become obsess with power .
so vile .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 can a country like the NE_country-0 , relatively liberal and tolerant , have such a powerful party of extremist ?
NE_country-0 have nothing to match the NE_political-party-0 , on social issue , apart from perhaps the NE_political-party-1 - but even they do n't hate on gay as much as the NE_political-party-2 do .
in -CONST--0 , ENT_amr-unknown-0 can NE_country-0 even think of vote in such a party ?
it 's disgust .
shame on the NE_political-party-0 .
it 's an incredibly religious country @- and a very evangelical one at that .
as much as i hate their attitude , you need to understand that it 's just the way they 've be bring up to think
that be say , it be still shock that this type of discrimination still exists...
the people who get involve in politics to the degree of go to debate be , thankfully , not representative of the majority of people over there .
do n't stop them be dick , though
and ? this be surprise ?
it 's know that the NE_country-0 be n't as progressive as NE_world-region-0 with regard to gay right and attitude towards gay people .
to be fair , NE_person-0 be probably just a confused idiot .
he say that sex have no place in the military and orientation be irrelevant , which i agree with .
but then he say he 'd bring dadt back , which be disagree with .
but the boo of the soldier be terrible make no mistake .
if a gay soldier be better than , or just as good as a straight soldier , then it make no difference what their sexuality be .
at the end of the day , if i be serve on the front line with other troop , i 'd want the best troop , not the straightest .
what make me laugh be that the usual anti @-@ NE_country-0 crowd have jump on this thread with all the " vile " and " disgust " comment .
the same crowd that get into a lather about the evil empire of NE_country-0 and the poor NE_country-1 blahblahblah .
the NE_country-0 have legalised gay marriage in some state , and federal equality law . sure , some people be n't up with that - but that 's freedom for you .
contrast this with the wonder of the palestinan authority , where it be a criminal offence to be gay and punishable by imprisonment .
you hear a lot of criticism of NE_country-0 - but if you have to , would you rather live there or -CONST--0 of -CONST--1 close neighbour ? bear in mind NE_country-1 's freedom , prosperity , etc.
note : i know some of the country do n't physically neighbour NE_country-0 , but they be extremely close so they count .
eygpt , probably because they 're comparitively level and calm . ( i say comparatively ) .
for religious , political and social freedom . NE_country-0
because it 's the most westernised , NE_country-0 .
i know a lot of NE_country-0 people and let me tell you , they 're the most fun love person i have ever meet .
really open @-@ mind and peaceful .
it look really beautiful too !
NE_country-0 because its the least likely country to get bomb and invade by -CONST--0
NE_country-0 or NE_country-1 .
plus to all the people say NE_country-0 , really ?
its future be very uncertain and NE_religious-group-0 ( assume some of you be ) be routinely not treat properly .
i really have no idea why -- unless you be a devout NE_religious-group-0 -- you would choose NE_country-0 over NE_country-1 .
unless you have no care for any of your freedom .
and before anyone make any sarcy comment about NE_country-0 , at least a woman can drive there..
none , when i be in NE_country-0 the heat be too annoy , so i 'd rather not reside in that region .
NE_country-0 . NE_city-0 be a relax , westernised place and the party capital of the NE_world-region-0
cyprus... ENT_amr-unknown-0 ?
its only a little swim away i 'd call it a neighbor , live there for -CONST--0 year , lovely , go for a swim in the sea catch some ray on the saturday , then off to build a snowman on NE_mountain-0 on the sunday , great little island .
i see the news story about the submariner who went on a kill spree on a nuclear submarine and it worry me quite a bit .
be it realistic that in the next -CONST--0 year there 'll be worldwide dismantlement of all nuclear weapon intend for kill other human ?
never hopefully .
nuclear weapon have keep the world superpowers from wipe each other out
the submarine be just power by a nuclear reactor , it fire non nuclear warhead .
the day they 'll be get rid of be the day something more powerful be invent .
we have every reason to hope that do n't happen , tbh .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 would ENT_government-organization-0 and company in certain country sell arm to an offensive country ENT_amr-unknown-1 they attack a country they dislike but then attack that country ENT_amr-unknown-2 it attack a country they do like
this be double standard !
i be talk about the NE_country-0 before and during the NE_war-0 .
NE_country-0 attack NE_country-1 then ENT_government-organization-0 were happy to sell weapon to NE_country-2 include NE_country-3 , NE_country-4 , NE_country-5 , NE_country-6 , NE_country-7 , NE_country-8 and NE_country-9 .
some of them be even sell to both side such as NE_country-0 , NE_country-1 and NE_country-2 .
a small minority sell only to NE_country-0 these be NE_country-1 and surprizingly NE_country-2 accord to NE_country-3 ( although NE_country-4 deny this ) .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 would all these country be happy for NE_country-0 to go on the war path and to fund both all side of the war yet go after NE_country-1 when it start on NE_country-2 ( although they leave NE_person-0 in power ) .
my thought be that ENT_government-organization-0 simply let ENT_government-organization-1 private arm company make a bit of cash off the war like ENT_government-organization-2 usually do .
they use their puppet ENT_government-organization-0 of the shah and NE_person-0 to control the country to counter NE_country-0 influence in the region .
when the NE_religious-group-0 revolution happen the NE_country-0 lose all their influence over the nation so after NE_country-1 begin their attempt invasion they happily cast a blind eye in order to regain influence .
then when they see NE_person-0 invade country they already have influence in NE_country-0 they finally take action although they leave him in power as the NE_country-1 be still there and would n't want NE_country-2 to become communist .
then -CONST--0 year later there be no long a NE_country-0 but they notice a NE_country-1 that be a potential threat to their NE_country-2 so when some they get some ' evidence ' of NE_country-3 with nuclear material from a known unreliable source via NE_organization-0 they jump with joy to invade it .
it be a win win for their publicity they either take out evil dictator NE_person-0 or they stop NE_country-0 get nukes .
then they build up their base in NE_country-0 and fund a new ENT_government-organization-0 to counter the threat of NE_country-1 as they lose all influence upon NE_country-2 when they stop them in the NE_war-0 .
these war be just way to prevent other nation gain any sort of power whether it be directly or indirectly as well as make their arm company some major money on the side .
so if you still think the NE_country-0 and co be the just and honourable ENT_government-organization-0 they claim to be ENT_amr-unknown-0 would they allow company to fund -CONST--0 side of a war ?
ENT_amr-unknown-0 would they go to war over an ideology ?
ENT_amr-unknown-0 would they only take action when a puppet state be invade ?
well , ENT_amr-unknown-0 be you propose to replace it with ?
because ENT_government-organization-0 change every -CONST--0 year in most place and every ENT_government-organization-1 tend to pursue a different policy .
NE_person-0 sell gun to NE_person-1 and NE_person-2 help oust him , you can n't look at it as if NE_person-3 be bind or responsible for the action of NE_person-4
a country action should n't ( and luckily don't ) depend on moral standard .
it be naive to think they should .
there be far more important political and economical reason for military intervention or political sanction .
i certainly do n't , they 're mostly hypocrite .
if only we could make the leader look right into the eye of every civilian they kill , maybe the fight and war would stop .
obviously i know it never will , but i can dream .
there be so much discussion these day about race , muslims , etc that i get the feel there be underlie problem .
personally i feel sorry for them ( non white and NE_religious-group-0 ) as they bear the brunt of these discussion .
or be we just in denial of racial and ethnic problem in society ?
''learn from history'' - yes , and it teach us ''multiculturalism'' actually always fail .
i do however believe we could get along together , if we figure out how .
douchebags like this be give a forum to air their view be fan a lot of contagious stupidity
well this be the case no matter the denial .
its funny , when muslims plant bomb , the first thing people say be , ' ENT_amr-unknown-0 do they do this ? ', well , fair enough , because its better to understand motive , the same apply to the growth of nationalism in NE_continent-0 .
many factor be at play , anti white racism , immigrant crime which target white people disproportionally , mass invasion immigration policy , abuse of immigration and welfare system .
it be no use just blame ' racism ' as it miss the issue .
so everyone be just get along fine ,
regardless of race , religion , nationality and ethnicity etc ?
i do n't think that be true either
i 'm as right @-@ wing as they come , but ENT_amr-unknown-0 be the NE_country-0 keep hold of island that be not theirs ?
they be -CONST--0 of mile away .
i long for the day that the island be reunite with NE_country-0 and diplomatic relation between NE_country-1 and NE_country-2 can resume .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 be your thought ?
when hell freeze over .
when the NE_island-0 islander decide they want to be NE_country-0 .
they be quite fond of be NE_country-0 right now .
be this another name for the NE_territory-0 ?
as i understand it , the inhabitant of these island feel a strong sense of britishness , and want to continue to remain NE_country-0 .
the island belong to the islander , not NE_country-0 , and if the islander say they want to be argentinian , or independent , then the island would cease to be british .
can you not understand the difference between an individual in one country want to be a citizen of another ( basically a wannabe migrant ) and a state wish to retain its territorial status ?
in your NE_country-0 example , that 's the difference between a dude in NE_country-1 say " i want to be NE_country-2 - ENT_amr-unknown-0 can n't i ? " and NE_state-0 say " we want to remain part of the NE_country-3 ".
that 's true ; the oil in the NE_territory-0 be not a major factor .
although i do believe that if the majority of islander wish to be NE_country-0 we should keep the NE_territory-0 .
when we get NE_country-0 ' back '.
i mean they in no way want to be part of the NE_country-0 , but they 're right next to us , so they should be...
ENT_amr-unknown-0 do the term ' NE_territory-0 ' even exist ?
ENT_amr-unknown-0 do n't i just call NE_country-0 ' dickhead land '.
also , NE_person-0 , ignorance much ?
they already belong to the NE_country-0 grant them local governance .
so technically they already belong to their owner .
they never be unite with NE_country-0
the problem with this logic be there be more than enough people who think differently to cover the cost - and they ( or anyone in fact ) could n't care less what you think .
they will be pay for the defence themselves if with the oil revenue as well so there will be even less reason for you to complain in the future .
i have to write about the NE_organization-0 involvement in current affair for school , i must have be live under a rock for the past few month because -CONST--0 have no idea at all as to what the NE_organization-1 involvment with NE_country-0 be , ive try to google it but all the different information be confuse me , can anyone explain -CONST--1 ?
they be call in when country fail to run their economy properly .
of course eurocrats fail to see ENT_amr-unknown-0 be happening... ENT_amr-unknown-1 do you expect from hansomly @-@ pay , non @-@ audit people resposible for other @-@ people 's money ?
like the fall of the NE_country-0 , the whole mess be gonna get worse .
in -CONST--0 NE_country-0 's cpi go up by -CONST--1 ENT_percentage-entity-0 year @-@ on @-@ year , -CONST--2 ENT_percentage-entity-1 in city and -CONST--3 in rural area .
attention that the food price go up by an astonish -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 .
this be definitely increase the pressure on its economic growth .
everyone have his @/@ her point of view .
that 's only a percentage point higher than the NE_country-0 , but unlike us they have double digit economic growth so have plenty of room to work with .
i mean , if inflation be -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 but the economy grow -CONST--1 ENT_percentage-entity-1 , that 's net wealth creation of -CONST--2 ENT_percentage-entity-2 be n't it ?
or be there something i 'm miss ?
even if the rate of economic growth almost double the rate of inflation , the effect of this high rate of inflation be still prominent ; especially due to NE_country-0 's very unequal distribution of wealth .
" -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 in city and -CONST--1 in rural area "
the rural area accomodate many of the peasant in NE_country-0 and as it face such high rise in food price and a -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 rise in general price , those peasant be go to find it increasingly hard to purchase their commodity .
i be sure many of us be well aware of NE_person-0 's " NE_theory-0 , that future conflict would be along cultural line between " west ", " east " and " confucian " block , whatever they be .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 do everyone think ?
do the theory hold weight or be it just a product of modern day oriental @-@ ism ?
the NE_person-0 's mind be move in , in my opinion , the right direction .
conflict be almost always cause by political and economic issue rather than cultural one , even if motive for fight may ostensibly appear to be over religion , for example .
if you have NE_journal-0 access and have n't read NE_person-0 's article on NE_person-1 , then i recommend it .
something that caught my eye today .
it seem NE_country-0 be propose a ban on the cultivation and possession of a range of plant that contain certain psychoactive substance .
these be the plant that be already include in australias ban list :
- all plant in the cannabis genus
- all plant in the erythroxylum genus ( which cocaine be derived from )
- papaver somniferum and papaver bracteatum ( opium poppy )
- all fungi that contain psilocin and psilocybin ( magic mushroom )
these be the plant that would be add to the ban list :
- savia divinorum
- kratom
- khat
- brugmansia
- datura ( the former and latter both common garden flower , but be crap as recreational drug due to their high toxicity . idiot who try -CONST--0 -CONST--1 wont try it again , if they survive.)
- any plant that contain ephedrine
- any plant contain mescaline
- any plant contain dmt ( this be the one i find most absured as there be litterally -CONST--0 if not -CONST--1 of plant and tree that contain this substance , many grow wild in NE_country-0 and be commonly use in landscape .
dmt even occur naturally in human and most other mammal , be they go to ban human and mammal too ! ?)
as a horticulturalist myself , i find the NE_country-0 authority proposal to be highly disturbing .
this be completely pointless legislation , bureaucracy at its finest , that be go to criminalise potentially -CONST--0 of innocent people who work with these plant or grow them ornamentally in their garden .
and just ENT_amr-unknown-0 do they expect to be able to enforce a ban on litterally -CONST--0 of species of plant ?
its insanity , you cant legislate nature .
and then of course we come back to the old chesnut ; most of the substance in these propose plant be less harmful and addictive than legal substance , such as alcohol and tobacco .
mescaline and dmt actually cause less harm to the body than caffeine .
anyhoo , rant over .
this article be a few month old , so -CONST--0 dont know if this made it into the law book or if it be throw out , so if anyone have any information id like to hear about it .
heres hope common sense prevail for -CONST--0 .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 do they ban cannabis in NE_country-0 ?
dosent it grow as a....well wee
it 's your responsibility to use drug sensibly and your choice whether you abuse them or not .
it 's no right of the ENT_government-organization-0 or anyone to control what you consume .
i think the ENT_government-organization-0 should tackle drug use and damage life by provide support for those who need it , not by criminalising them .
many drug addict get send to prison and be give methadone to ' ease ' their addiction to crack , meth or heroin .
obviously that 's wrong .
=/ that 's the harsh reality of it .
ban the substance in the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 place .
it will cause damage now to those addict but better for long term
i do see the value of rehab though
it 's the illegality of drug that make the production , distribution and use of those drug hugely expensive and harmful to everyone .
most of the outlaw drug , if take with a bit of knowledge and awareness , be mostly as harmful , if not much less harmful , than tobacco or alcohol .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 do you think of the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 -CONST--0 NE_political-party-0 debate on thursday ?
it feature NE_person-0 , NE_person-1 , NE_person-2 , NE_person-3 , and NE_person-4 .
it be in the early day , so there be n't that many candidate .
and ENT_amr-unknown-0 do you think of the NE_broadcast-program-0 version of the undeclared candidate 's debate .
it feature impression of NE_person-0 , NE_person-1 , NE_person-2 , NE_person-3 , NE_person-4 , and of course , NE_person-5 play by the legendary NE_person-6 !
i think it be great . pure humour .
edit : NE_person-0 be n't in either . hmm....
i like NE_person-0 more and more
NE_person-0 would support any mean to protect the country . not like the sound of that
the NE_broadcast-program-0 one seem to be let down by the fact that so many of the undeclared big name be n't there ( for the obvious reason that they 're undeclared ) .
NE_person-0 runner of those that take part , but the NE_broadcast-program-0 people be far more likely to be the main contender .
that say , ENT_amr-unknown-0 be NE_person-0 this time in the -CONST--0 race ?
notwithstanding a few of his religious nutter @-@ esque social view NE_person-0 be the only NE_political-party-0 who actually make sensible point about big government and the only one i have any respect for .
too bad he 's never go to be president give the state of the NE_political-party-0 .
i just see a similar thread on NE_country-0 , so i think , ENT_amr-unknown-0 not in NE_country-1 as well ?
i dont need to explain the situation there...... but shouldnt they have a revolution ?
the press be relatively free so people have a medium they can vent through .
there be too many faction that be fight amongst each other - if they unite under a common cause then there would be a serious threat of revolution .
firstly , NE_person-0 be not an enemy of ours .
secondly , NE_person-0 be the autocrat of his country , if he wish to stamp out rebellion , it 's his prerogative .
all state hold the right to defend their own interest .
human be cruel , people should get over it , it 's our nature .
additionally , should n't our own arm force be use for national defence only ?
of all of these conflict over the past -CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 year or so , which directly affect our interest :
- the falklands
- the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 NE_war-0 ( liberation of NE_country-0 )
- NE_country-0
- NE_country-0
- NE_country-0
- ENT_ordinal-entity-0 NE_war-0 ( removal of NE_person-0 )
i would say only the falklands .
the falklands the NE_war-0 and to an extent the NE_war-1 .
i see what your say but if we have a chance to help people fight for democracy and not be brutally crush then we should do something .
we rarely get the chance to support rebellion as in most case the rebel be as bad as the ENT_government-organization-0 they be fight .
NE_country-0 can be see as a popular uprise against a NE_person-0 .
no doubt people complain but they would complain if we do nothing to .
no one want to see another NE_country-0 and this event seem to signify a much more proactive right foreign policy from the NE_country-1 .
and before people shout oil at me .
well you be just go to have to wait until after this end be n't you to see if it be .
frankly i cannot imagine why company would negotiate oil contract only to try to convince the ENT_government-organization-0 to invade the country so they lose them .
take some of the responsibility for enforce a no fly zone ( i.e . patrol shoot down any plane which NE_person-0 use to bomb civilian ) would have be acceptable due to the NE_organization-0 resolution and the fact that civilian in NE_city-0 be sit duck .
however , bomb ground troop in order to allow arm rebel to rampage further west be , in my opinion , completely against the spirit of the NE_organization-0 resolution .
i increasingly get the impression that the coalition be not protect civilian ( i.e . unarm citizen , not rebel ) but rather be passively support the rebellion by decimate NE_person-0 's soldier who , at the end of the day , be just do what they be tell .
it 's easy to shout oil and the fact that it get shout so often mean that it 's also brush off by those support military action , without a thorough evaluation .
oil be not the only reason why the coalition be back the rebel ( and i 'm go to take the plunge now and say that they be ) , but it be certainly a consideration .
NE_person-0 have state that ( assume he regain control over his country ) he will only sell oil to the NE_country-0 and the NE_country-1 .
the rebel on the other hand have state that they be willing to upgrade oil production in NE_city-0 -CONST--0 @-@ fold .
people can argue that we be do our bit by help out the NE_country-0 in their time of crisis .
but ENT_amr-unknown-0 have n't we intervene in the numerous conflict in NE_continent-0 over the past -CONST--0 @/@ -CONST--1 year
i agree that we should be help out all these innocent people ( im sure if it be the other way around we would want help from more powerful country )
but ENT_amr-unknown-0 there and not in other place ?
i do think our main reason for help be oil and resource , which be pretty much as bad as do nothing as we 're not set the example of help people out in a time of crisis , its more of a " we 'll help but only because we might get something in return "
i know this be just how the world work , but there would be alot less trouble in the world if it wasnt .
anybody who believe the NE_empire-0 , once again , intervene in yet another country on ' humanitarian ground ' to protect ' innocent civilian ' be absolutely ignorant of history and cannot use mere logic , or at least do not apply it to ' queen and country '.
or , they could be the opposite of independent thinker and accept the propaganda spout by the establishment .
if the rebel be NE_political-party-0 , the intervention lead by the NE_country-0 , NE_country-1 and NE_country-2 in NE_country-3 would not have occur , nor would the rebel opposition be support , have they be NE_political-party-1 .
in other word , the intervention in NE_country-0 be not about protect civilian , but instead entirely about protect interest and side with a candidate whom the ' coalition ' prefer .
if this be not the case , the NE_country-0 would be intervene exactly how NE_country-1 be today in NE_country-2 , even if the rebel have be the NE_criminal-organization-0 .
furthermore , NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 have always state from the very begin that they be willing to intervene in NE_country-2 without the approval of the NE_organization-0 .
yet the justification they keep use for this intervention be to ' enforce humanitarian law authorised by the NE_organization-0 '.
to be blunt while be honest...
history will show once again , that the real reason for this NE_organization-0 @-@ lead intervention in NE_country-0 be not about ' defend innocent people '.
and when it do , all those who support this intervention should be hold accountable for their ignorance and the crime of strengthen a system which have consistently prove , through its billion of dead victim , to be the greatest monster this world have ever see .
ok guy , we 've see how the egyptians successfully bring NE_person-0 down and at the same time theres also a lot of protest goin around the NE_world-region-0 country ; NE_country-0 , NE_country-1 , NE_country-2 etc.....
although it may not seem like it have nothing to do with religion , just politics...i feel like the world be come to an end or something cause muslims be finally take a stance for their rights....
after this , ENT_amr-unknown-0 next ?
be just wonder could there be an islamic revolution perhaps in the near future where the world be like come to an end ? ??
this be probably a really stupid question but just give me some feedback about this matter
the answer be no.
guys..i know its a bit tedious but im just wondering..
if you guy can be bother than dont bother read it then !
god willing , yes , if only to overthrow the corrupt ENT_government-organization-0 in place in these country .
none of these protest be NE_religious-group-0 in nature .
they tend to be secular leaderless and make u mostly of the young .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 be wrong with muslims speak up for their right ? ??
explain yourself .
and as far as an NE_religious-group-0 revolution be concern i would say that it depends on ENT_amr-unknown-0 organize religious or clerical organization be in a country and ENT_amr-unknown-1 politicized they be .
any analysis on the issue can n't be a -CONST--0 size fit all jacket since the nature of the protest vary in all say country .
it apeas noth NE_country-0 have start enrich uranium at a brand new plant that apparently be very modern .
seem odd they could build this . im bet on a lot of NE_country-0 maybe even NE_country-1 help .
it would appear they be go to ake more nukes .
ok so ENT_amr-unknown-0 be your thought on this ?
are they a danger ?
will this change anything ?
could we see a much more aggressive NE_country-0 ?
or will nothing change ?
i very much doubt NE_country-0 would be involve in this .
NE_country-0 be sympathisers with the communist regime so possibly link there .
there 's very little anyone can do about it because bomb their nuclear facility will result in NE_city-0 be obliterate and most of NE_country-0 be destroy without nukes .
the only hope be if dear leader 's son allow change but do n't hold your breath .
hey guy , read the news ENT_temporal-quantity-0 , -CONST--0 can n't help but notice that occasionally , the NE_world-region-0 media ( NE_company-0 and sometimes NE_company-1 ) picture NE_country-0 as a country who be heartless , have no respect for human right , dictatorship etc.etc .
however , this past summer , i go to NE_country-0 for holiday , and it be nothing like the NE_world-region-0 media picture it to be , the people all seem to enjoy life , no sign of human right abuse ( i traveled to NE_province-0 to , the people seem happy ) .
i can n't help but feel that the NE_world-region-0 media be portray only one side of the story ( NE_province-0 ) ,when in reality we brits have also invade NE_province-1 and the world say nothing .
i see that we be afraid of a communist country rise , and i know they be n't the nicest people , but neither be we when we colonize -CONST--0 @/@ -CONST--1 of the world , or when the NE_country-0 drive the indians off their land .
are we right to be complain about NE_country-0 when we do n't have a clean record either ?
do you think that the NE_world-region-0 media be demonizing NE_country-0 ?
as a westerner , do you think NE_country-0 be a cold , heartless dictatorship ?
i 'm half chinese and the NE_world-region-0 media be definitely demonizing NE_country-0 .
the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 have more support from ENT_government-organization-1 people than the NE_country-1 government do .
when the NE_world-region-0 criticize NE_country-0 about its lack of democracy of human right abuse it 's usually only the NE_world-region-1 who have a problem with -CONST--0 and not the average chinese person .
and ENT_amr-unknown-0 be these clown always complain about NE_province-0 ?
the fact that they do n't care about uyghurs just show what hypocrite and bigot they be .
that 's because whenever a NE_country-0 person do complain they get thrown in prison or shot .
NE_country-0 's record on human right be appal look at the -CONST--0 child policy that be cause major gender imbalance problem as well as be brutally implement , force sterliseation and such .
although i do n't criticise it on democracy as democracy be always right or good .
as for the more popular than the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 source ?
the media demonoising NE_country-0 be just what the media do , it demonises everything its how they sell paper with horror story .
even if they get nukes NE_country-0 be still heavily outmanned , outgunned and isolate .
their nukes wont be as good as american and european nukes .
their uav 's wont be as good as isreali and american uav 's
their missile will barley cross their own border before they be shot down by a multitude of defence the NE_country-0 have already be prepare in the NE_world-region-0 for the past god know ENT_amr-unknown-0 long .
the only thing the extremist muslims can possibly do be blow themselves up in our border .
and they have fail that more than enough time .
NE_country-0 threat .
NE_country-0 with nukes however will unify and strengthen the resolve and moral of the muslims
NE_country-0 want to portray itself as the ' hero ' of the muslims against the NE_world-region-0 infidel by have nukes and defy the NE_country-1 .
so the more we talk about it , the more coveradge they get and the more muslim extreamists will orgasm at the sound of NE_country-0 's threat .
so let ignore NE_country-0 be like the kid in primary school with the attention seek problem .
meh maybe if the came clean with their nuclear program and would accept help that the rest of the world be offer .
if they be so peaceful ENT_amr-unknown-0 not allow NE_organization-0 inspector in .
the problem be n't that they could potentially outmatch us in term of nuclear capability .
the problem be that its monstrous regime will become more stable , and will be able to dictate the rest of the world 's policy towards it .
plus , one must consider the potential ramification of thermonuclear weapon fall into the hand of a regime run by the clergy ; a clergy that have repeatedly lay claim to the island nation of NE_country-0 , support NE_person-0 's thuggish militia in NE_country-1 , make continual reference to the apocolypse and the return of the ' ENT_ordinal-entity-0 imam ', and so on .
that 's without go into how it will make a complete mockery of international law and non @-@ proliferation .
NE_country-0 should become a republic when NE_person-0 die , prime minister NE_person-1 have say just day ahead of a general election .
NE_country-0 @-@ NE_person-0 say the queen 's death would be an " appropriate point " for NE_country-1 to move away from have a NE_country-2 monarch as head of state .
NE_country-0 vote against become a republic in a -CONST--0 referendum , but the issue continue to be divisive .
so , ENT_amr-unknown-0 think NE_country-0 would vote for a republic ?
it 's up to them if they wish to sever the bond that unite their heritage , history , and present .
i do n't think the issue be that they have a hereditary monarch , but the fact that the hereditary monarch in question be a ' foreign ' one ( yes , i be aware she be queen of NE_country-0 in her own right , but you know what i mean ) .
i think they should keep the monarchy...
the monarchy exist here for the same reason it do over there .
heritage , history and present , as the above poster rightly say .
it 's not a drain on their economy and their power and sovereignty be n't be control in real political term .
i do , however , agree with the propose flag change , if that 's what NE_country-0 want .
hold another referendum !
are we witness a new era of repression .
in the past nation would develop new technology to dominate its rival , however with recent attempt to prevent NE_country-0 from develop nuclear technology be we see powerful nation use economic terrorism ( sanction ) and war to prevent other nation from develop technology to compete .
for a nation with civilian and military nuclear technology to essentially deny another nation the same right to develop technology it be clear that the old guard of westenr power be try to prevent emerge power from develop the same level of technology .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 can NE_country-0 stake its claim to its right ?
economic terrorism ( sanction ) be essentially a way to ruin an economy its a modern day version of a seige and an act of war .
the sanction place on NE_country-0 be design to appear to target only military group but with research you will see it massively target civilian business , infrastructure and even the attempt of iranian student to study outside of NE_country-1 .
this be an all out attempt to cut of irans blood flow and crush this nation .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 should other nation learn from this ?
other develop nation would be wise to realise that NE_world-region-0 power have a stake in prevent the development of nation they consider inferior particularly NE_continent-0 , NE_continent-1 and NE_continent-2 nation .
this realisation should make them realsie they must band together to defeat this racist threat .
i would suggest an economic block and the share of nuclear technology within this block to ensure their sovereignty from both military and economic war .
NE_country-0 have a vest interest in keep certain nation poor and weak but with solidarity and strength these nation can rise up and defy this evil threat .
hmm here be a country that generally do n't like me should i let them build a big nuclear weapon they can kill me with ?
*thinks hard*
iran will get destroy by the israelis before it have a chance to get a nuclear weapon , and if israel be unable to do so then the NE_country-0 race would be ( excuse the pun ) exterminate .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 can you be in favour of this ?
you make it out like hamper a nation development be somthing new !
since the dawn of civilization country and province have sort do out do each other and gain from others weakness .
you say it be crazy that NE_country-0 force sanction on NE_country-1 , yet it be not in their economic or defence interest to allow this to happen so in fact it be perfectly sane .
if NE_country-0 be to develop nuclear weapon , they would use them , and they would , theoretically , become the powerhouse in the NE_world-region-0 .
this be against NE_country-0 forgien policy for -CONST--0 reason , firstly they need to secure the safty of the oil field in the NE_world-region-0 , and secondaly an anti @-@ NE_world-region-1 superpower in the NE_world-region-2 will more likely that not attract the back of NE_country-1 , who already have make it perfeclty clear that they be inforcing their dominance over NE_continent-0 .
the combination of an NE_country-0 @-@ NE_country-1 block in NE_continent-0 and NE_continent-1 would seriously threatern the NE_country-2 and the whole NE_world-region-0 world .
thus , it be just and need for the NE_country-0 to impose such sanction on NE_country-1 .
if NE_person-0 do say this , do he have any info as to ENT_amr-unknown-0 be gonna go down ?
do you think the americans will strike other me country in the run up to the NE_country-0 attack or simulataneously strike ?
could be NE_country-0 perhaps ?
just hope we do n't get drag into this war ; we can n't even deal with the taliban...
let the american @/@ israelis deal with it !
there 's nothing about it on the NE_organization-0 , but yes , a strike be inevitable .
i highly doubt the NE_country-0 @/@ NE_country-1 will strike any other NE_world-region-0 country , in fact , i cannot see it happen whatsoever .
the NE_country-0 will do exactly as the NE_country-1 say because of this idiotic perception that both of our nation share a ' special relationship '.
the NE_country-0 will be drag into it , you can bet your bottom dollar on that .
substantial evidence have be present to prove large quantity of deplete uranium ( du ) have be use in NE_country-0 since the invasion in -CONST--0 .
[edit] ok since alot of people think the ' NE_publication-0 ' be untrustworthy i will give another source which give the same information about NE_person-0 's statement .
i can n't bring myself to understand this in any way .
i remember see some picture of deformity a little while back and could n't even believe it be humanly possible .
they disturb for a few day after and that 's from someone who be n't easily upset .
back then i always believe that the leader of our militaries would never allow this .
they would never allow generation of NE_country-0 's to suffer from mutation and deformity like these .
i pass it off as propaganda at the time but now the evidence seem substantial and clear that this be exactly what happen .
what be the most upset be that our tax fund this .
our tax cause girl to be born with -CONST--0 head like something straight out of a horror film .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 can this ever be rectify ?
ENT_amr-unknown-0 can you explain to the children why they be born with paralyse limb or be born with their eye form inside out ?
ENT_amr-unknown-0 can you rectify a system ENT_amr-unknown-1 have do to iraq what it 's do over the decade .
from support tyrant , to watch on and do nothing , to several large scale war , to cripple sanction .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 harm be they afraid of from these ordinary , poor NE_country-0 .
you can n't rectify .
that 's ******* disgust and i hope the perpertrators be make to suffer what generation of NE_country-0 's already have and will ever endure .
remember those who champion themselves on human right be actually the biggest terrorist in the world .
certain place like NE_city-0 , NE_city-1 , NE_city-2 atc , baathi scum stronghold deserve it for what they do to NE_country-0 and the iraqi people under NE_person-0 's( may NE_person-1 curse him ) regime .
that 's ******** for a start the NE_country-0 would not a shell a town with du , it 's high density mean it be use for penetrator core for armour pierce sabot round , to be use against tank .
it 's a kinetic energy round and would serve no purpose other than in a pitched tank battle , of which there be n't that many in gw2 .
and that 's the NE_publication-0 article , i do n't even need to bother try to discredit something from the ' NE_publication-1 '.
well that 's war be n't it ?
never like it but when war happen you have to expect any atrocity .
they want to sue the NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 ?
it be a ******* war we would be stupid to give them money because they will only use it for weaponry to fight against our arm force and they will probably plant some du in our country or even nuke us innocent civillians for payback .
sure we all want war to be just and we all think nothing like this should happen , but you 'd be naive to think this be possible and this be how a war should be conduct .
it 's a ******* war .
do n't tell me muslim country like NE_country-0 and pre @-@ war NE_country-1 would n't invoke such method if they could .
apology for be so inevitably stupid but...j am i wrong in think superpowers be judge by their worth , their gdp ?
if so , ENT_amr-unknown-0 can NE_country-0 overtake the NE_country-1 even as it grow in this area ?
it be still way off the NE_country-0 gdp .
i know the NE_country-0 have a lot of debt , and a great deal of it be owe to NE_country-1
also , be n't NE_country-0 ahead of NE_country-1 in term of gdp ?
when you have 1 billion+ people , its almost impossible not to become a super power...even if your army be fight with sword and bows....cos it simply be n't possible to win against the sheer amount of number
true , thank for that .
but it 's not like their population swell overnight , or be it ?
i 'm just try to find out more about the subject really..
imo : grow military strength , economic potential and influence in international affair make a superpower .
its their industry , cheap labour , huge workforce , investment in technology and hard work nature .
NE_country-0 be invest in the future , we here in NE_country-1 really be not...
NE_country-0 be go for it headlong and because of this be develop more and more and discover new thing .
NE_country-0 also have less strict law on what not to do...i.e they will test and fund thing that we have regulation against .
they have huge industry which they dont care much in the way of climate problem .
they have a massive population ready for any dirty job .
finally , they be a hard work people with dedication and less slobby
do we really want another superpower ?
compare to the others , NE_country-0 look like a bunch of savage : disgust human and animal right record and a lack of freedom .
the gdp be rapidly rise each year .
lol @- NE_country-0 's economy be less than half the size of NE_country-1 and NE_country-2 's and almost half as small as the NE_country-3 's .
couple with the fact that the country have just be through a huge reccesion that have wipe off more than -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 of its gdp , and that it be fall to piece through political instability , i think im right to say its a joke @- not to mention the fact that its entire economy be based around export natural resource that will soon run out .
it also worth mention that as soon as conventional oil reserve run out , the NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 will have by far the biggest reserve in the world in the form of oil shale etc.
did you just refer to information from NE_publication-0 in your argument ?
and some be sort of mutually intelligble .
they all share the same write language though which i reckon distinguish from most other language .
worthy enough of call each sub @-@ language a dialect i 'd say .
NE_country-0 already be a super power ; NE_country-1 monetary policy be practically dictate by NE_country-2 .
if they want to crap all over the $ they could do it on a whim - no other country on the planet have the ability to do so , let alone devalue their currency to such an extent it make their export look ridiculously cheap .
NE_country-0 in the global market .
it be a superpower without question .
however to be a super @-@ power you do n't strictly have to be a develop economy .
NE_country-0 be decade from be as developed as the NE_country-1 , regardless of the amount of ENT_monetary-quantity-0 they have - chinas greatest compromise be time .
major city be much closer to their NE_world-region-0 counterpart , however it be beyond where the issue lie in NE_country-0 push as a credible economic entity .
what... so because i referred to NE_publication-0 somehow my argument be null and void ?
seriously get a clue .
-CONST--0 get a few chinese people tell me that NE_country-0 will be #1 in the future .
a few year back , NE_magazine-0 publish article about NE_country-0 's become the next big thing .
hard to tell but anything be possible .
i bet NE_country-0 have no idea they 'd be perish in the late 80 s @-@ early 90 s .
like some people say this in thread , NE_country-0 won't allow it .
NE_country-0 want to be the only example that represent democracy ( NE_country-1 be replace with democratic system , etc ) .
because NE_country-0 be a communist country , it would be harder for them to influence other country politically like how NE_country-1 britian influence its idea to different region of the world ( NE_country-2 in language , NE_city-0 in legal structure and language , etc ) .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 year be a very long ENT_temporal-quantity-0 , i 'm not deny that NE_country-0 have potential and could potentially become the most powerful country in the world .
notice the world could in bold , some people would argue that if it continue this growth it would become the world 's most powerful country , both economically and militarily even i can see that , but the NE_country-0 will inevitably interfere , because it simply do n't want competition , it want to remain be the biggest , baddest dude on the block , and with NE_country-1 arrive on the world stage( i.e the new kid on the block ) there 'll inevitably and undoubtably be confrontation .
-CONST--0 think NE_country-0 will become the world 's ENT_ordinal-entity-0 largest economy - perhaps even the largest , i think NE_country-1 will become very strong militarily - perhaps not as strong as the NE_country-2 as it be light year behind , but still strong , perhaps even stronger than all of NE_continent-0 combine without the use of nukes .
do i think NE_country-0 will become a NE_country-1 type superpower ?
mean that -CONST--0 economy and military be both -CONST--1 time stronger than everyone elses - no i do n't , as i 've point out in my previous post , there 'll NE_country-0 will inevitably want to become the regional power of NE_continent-0 , it 'll want to do some land @-@ grab of its own( NE_country-1 for example ) which will lead to its demise .
well i think NE_country-0 's only real crime have be defy NE_country-1 energy interest in the region .
we see what happen last time iran defy the us in 1953 under mossadegh , and the result be a NE_government-organization-0 coup to put in someone who would happily bleed their NE_country-0 dry of NE_country-1 resource .
the NE_country-0 have only themslefes to blame for the move to the theocratical tyranny we see now , and most people would agree NE_country-1 pose no global threat , but NE_world-region-0 propaganda represent NE_country-2 as some nuclear threat have n't be based on NE_organization-0 report or reason , but as the crescent of the ' axis of evil ',that be those who dare to step out of line .
all road be point towards an attack of some sort .
whether this be jump on the back of a popular revolution , or air strike , who know , but one be for sure ; an attack would have serious implication , and not just the further destablisation of the region .
i do n't think either the NE_country-0 or the NE_country-1 tick the box for me .
neither gain significant land , neither won any significant war ( indeed , the most famous war NE_country-0 be involve in post NE_war-0 be NE_war-1 , which they flunk ) - hardly characteristic of a traditional superpower .
superpowers tend to make huge stride in better the life of human civilisation ( the NE_country-0 do it by further democracy , the NE_country-1 empire do it with the industrial revolution ) .
the NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 certainly do n't make any groundbreaking revolution .
these -CONST--0 country be best know for stockpile weapon and race to the moon - not characteristic of be a superpower .
they have the potential military might to rival classic superpowers , but time have change so much that it be just never go to happen .
my professor raise this point this morning in class :
" -CONST--0 and -CONST--1 of year ago , my family live in NE_country-0 , in a consequent town where there be family like mine , make a little clan .
we be then chase from NE_country-0 , because we be invade by norwegians say that we be stranger , while it have be our land for century and century , and we could n't be consider as stranger .
do you ( ask the class ) think that nowadays , i could go back to NE_country-0 , and chase the people live there , with the only argument that my family live there for -CONST--0 of year ?
bear this in mind , do you think that israelians 's motif for go back to their land be sufficient ? "
ENT_amr-unknown-0 do you think of it ?
be he racist , or be he realistic ?
to be honest if NE_country-0 be the center of his religious belief and if he have be persecute all the year after his family get kick out he would have a different view .
more importantly he be NE_religious-group-0 - and he be rule by NE_religious-group-1 ENT_government-organization-0 .
plus if you look at it from his point of view .
conquest determine land hold .
his family be in NE_country-0 , they get conquer and so cease to own the land .
well the NE_ethnic-group-0 that use to live in NE_country-0 get ' conquer ' per se - although a much more benign version of conquest - and so no matter what the original motive for the conquest be , they lose the right to that land .
he be neither racist nor realistic - just wrong .
well , be they ?
i 'm use extremist lightly , i 'm just use the word as something to categorize them .
as in group like bnp , NE_political-party-0 and extremist muslims or any partly aggressive religion , could they all be count as bad as each other ?
they can all inspire hate , change story and have radical @/@ controversial view .
so could they be deem on the same level ?
NE_government-organization-0 exterminate jews...
extremist muslism would liek to convert everyoen else...
and NE_political-party-0 just want to deport foreigner elsewhere...
so no not really .
hate ( although i believe broadly be a bad thing ) be something i can live with...
change story ?
if you mean lie , then yes that be bad
radical @/@ controvesial be n't bad because they 're radical , they 're bad because of the belief itself .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 ? ENT_amr-unknown-1 do the public @/@ media favour NE_religious-group-0 country over NE_ethnic-group-0 one ?
ENT_amr-unknown-0 have the NE_religious-group-0 ever do compare to NE_religious-group-1 ?
i mean come on...this seriously baffle me .
the NE_public-institution-0 be biased against NE_country-0 , and therefore NE_country-1 .
it 's not really about muslims vs . jews .
this be not true at all .
during the recent attack on NE_local-region-0 by NE_country-0 the NE_public-institution-0 be the only channel to not broadcast an appeal for the innocent muslims of NE_local-region-1 . even though all other channel do .
they seem to do pretty much the opposite of what you be say .
discuss
only way you have peace be by have a larger stick than the enemy ,
i prefer the u.s to NE_country-0 all the power to say a unstable country like NE_country-1 .
rock on u.s.a free NE_country-0 !
no point in discuss this .
i would say ' no ' but they have nuclear weapon and no @-@ one be go to take them away from them .
disclaimer : i be really not an expert on NE_country-0 politics .
so , as well as the presidential election yesterday , NE_country-0 voter could also vote on a lot of state @-@ specific proposition , one of which be NE_state-0 's proposition -CONST--0 .
gay marriage have be legal in NE_state-0 since -CONST--0 , but this proposition be in favour of eliminate the right of gay couple to marry .
it pass .
i be wonder if anyone have any thought on this..
i think its terrible .
they should n't be allow to do an about turn like that for no apparent reason , especially give the fact that it only recently become allow .
they could have at least give it a chance ENT_ordinal-entity-0 .
it 's just even more of a shame that , at a time when NE_country-0 appear to be turn a new leaf , there 's still so many people with this frame of mind .
it just really bug me that it get turn round so soon as well..
gay couple should be allow the happiness that marriage may bring , just like straight couple .
they should have just keep it legal and let those who disagree have a grumble and grind their teeth over it all - it 's not like they 're suffer .
this suprised me to be honest , NE_state-0 have always be know as one of the more progressive state in the NE_country-0 .
the law will probably jump back and forth in the come ENT_temporal-quantity-0 .
NE_state-0 have a huge NE_religious-group-0 population which obviously reject it , not help by the large influx of migrant s @-@ NE_continent-0 NE_religious-group-1 into the state .
okay yes , true , they be allow .
which do mean people have the right to do them .
but i think the issue of the right to marry be different because people work to get the right and to change the law for it to be allow .
it be n't just a right because no one have tell them they could n't do it , like your example .
i think the issue here be not whether marriage be a right , but whether everyone should be consider equal .
either everyone have the right to marry , or no one do .
just as nobody have the ' right ' to murder ( which quite frankly i find to be a weak argument due to reason already mention ) , either nobody should have the right to marry , or everybody should .
that 's all there be to it .
i would argue that any law that i judge to be unjust be inherently illegitimate and thus i have no moral obligation to follow it or consider it to be a moral principle , nor would i use it to guide my decision make in any more than potentially in a practical sense .
i certainly could not and will not respect the rule of law when it impose restriction on -CONST--0 consent adult express their love , and quite frankly i think that such unjust law undermine the whole system .
you say you have n't consider prisoner not have the vote , and hypothesised that a good reason might be because they should have their right remove for commit a crime .
and the incest argument be entirely relate . if -CONST--0 people be happy together , why can n't they get marry ?
you want -CONST--0 rule for all , stand by what you say , instead of dodge the uncomfortable reality that even you 're not happy with everybody have the same right .
it force school to teach same @-@ sex marriage as a morally equal alternative , cal NE_state-0 the rest of NE_country-0 be full of religious people and they do not see this as right .
it will only take away the right for same @-@ sex couple to call it marriage , everything else be still there .
well , you 're sort of right ; we 're all be treat as ENT_ordinal-entity-0 class citizen , but you sort of miss the point .
right have be take away in both instance .
the moral outrage ( here , anyway ) associate with one have not be associate with the other simply because one be acceptable and one be n't ; so it 's not the fact that a right have be take away be wrong , its that you think x should have a right and that right have be take away so you 're annoy .
incidentally ; if you 're white , female , black , communist , jewish , whatever ; you can still not get marry if you 're gay .
if marriage be define as a man and a woman then ban gay marriage be perfectly legitimate .
my point still stand : if you need a certificate from the state to live your life in happiness then you be a.) a pathetic individual and b.) a serf .
so much for the change in NE_country-0
ENT_amr-unknown-0 be people go to realise that sexual orientation , skin colour and ethnicity have no bear on what be inside the person and their personality .
as long as you a good person , regardless of anything else then that be all that matter .
shame on NE_state-0 - it show what the real attitude on homosexuality be .
people pretend to be fine with it - but their be ignorance deep inside .
what a sad day for " new " NE_country-0 . it seem while racism be rightly widely condemn there be still a lot of homophobia around .
the sad thing be not that many seem to care
personally , i think they should have leave it ( ENT_amr-unknown-0 care about homosexual get marry ? ) but it 's quite common in the NE_country-0 for thing that become law by virtue of court decision to later be subject to public vote .
this be -CONST--0 such case .
gay marriage be never legislate for in NE_state-0 .
this proposition - approve by the public - trump a court decision .
i be read an article about how we need more black sold model for young black people to aspire to .
because apparently , all young black in britain need an extra reminder not to commit crime and be involve in gang .
this highlight a severely racist phenomenon that be consider completely acceptable .
that all these initiative be exclusively targeting young black NE_country-0 people ( in attempt to curb the apparent swarm of exclusively black teenager beg to be part of a gang ) while completely ignore any other skin colour .
now obviously not every black male want to go commit crime all day , and the evidence suggest that black like commit crime just as little as other skin colour do .
so ENT_amr-unknown-0 the disproportionate representation in the media and in crime prevention strategy ?
ENT_amr-unknown-0 do nobody care about crime in the NE_world-region-0 , the NE_continent-0 or ( god forbid ) the white community ?
why be nobody say ENT_amr-unknown-0 great a role NE_model-0 be for all the young white kid grow up in council estate .
you can go anywhere in NE_country-0 and see that gang culture and criminal exist everywhere , in every ethnic group .
logic would dictate that a white orient initiative would make the most sense for demographic reason .
or how about something which do not base its case on skin colour and ethnic origin ?
do people really think that a poor white teenager do n't need support , encouragement or aspiration ?
i completely agree with everything you 've say .
i also think it 's this ridiculous idea that crime in certain ethnic group need to be deal with more urgently that cause more problem .
if the ethnicity and colour of those commit crime be n't mention , it would be much less big a deal . ENT_amr-unknown-0 this country feel the need to consistently talk about the colour of people be beyond me .
it 's like ENT_amr-unknown-0 we beg for NE_continent-0 @/@ black police officer .
if they do n't want to do it , they won't .
we should be judge on our merit , not our skin colour .
i believe it 's thing like this that make white people believe the country be go against them .
if the ENT_government-organization-0 do n't deal with thing only to do with race , then i , perhaps naively and idealistically , believe that it would become less of a big deal .
in NE_city-0 , black commit a disproportionate amount of crime .
hence , why they 're targeted .
most gang in NE_city-0 be full of black .
black role model give black people hope .
it 's not about whether it should or why do it , it just do because black community be a semi @-@ community .
totally agree .
poor white people ( pre -CONST--0 th century , just poor people ) have be discriminate against for -CONST--1 of year in NE_country-0 .
immigration happen and we 're suddenly part of the oppress class ?
grow up poor and white in a mostly non white school be horrible .
have to learn about the evilness of white people repeatedly really do n't give white kid the impression that they have a place in our multicultural society .
the reason specific ethnic group be targeted for try to reduce crime be because , for whatever reason , crime overall be often higher statistically in these group .
this be not because their race or culture be wrong or bad in any way , it 's simply a fact that certain group have higher rate of crime .
whether it 's the result of poverty or cultural difference and stress in NE_country-0 that be leave them vulnerable to get lure into crime , pretend that a group that have more prevalence for crime have n't be just foolish .
i do n't know the statistic , but if black youth be the target of an anti @-@ crime and role @-@ model drive , then it 's probably because they have a higher crime rate than other group , and because the ENT_government-organization-0 want to make sure that whatever factor it be ( because ENT_government-organization-1 know it 's not their race itself ) be address so they can have a better future .
and there be scheme targeting white population , but ENT_amr-unknown-0 there be an imbalance between ethnic group , it surely have to be a priority to address ENT_amr-unknown-1 be cause this -CONST--0 for nothing else then for the sake of equality !
there 's a lot of talk recently about ENT_amr-unknown-0 diversity be necessary , but ENT_amr-unknown-1 far do we go ?
and ENT_amr-unknown-0 do we judge ENT_amr-unknown-1 be a good and strong @/@ positive multiracial country ?
when you look at other NE_world-region-0 country like NE_country-0 , NE_country-1 , NE_country-2 , the vast majority of -CONST--0 immigrant be not white these day and be probably head for a more diverse future , so much so to the point that these nation will have very different demographic look to them in -CONST--1 year ENT_temporal-quantity-0 .
they will have great brag right you could say when it come to multiracialism and diversity than NE_country-0 or most european country will maybe not have .
you often here quote like " NE_organization-0 be too white " " the tories be too white " but ENT_amr-unknown-0 define ENT_amr-unknown-1 be " too white "?
so i 'm wonder if people could put NE_country-0 in the same context ?
like i say people brand multiracialism as a good thing , very few want to go back to a -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 white society but ENT_amr-unknown-0 multiracial do we need to go to satisfy the vast majority of people , particularly liberal ?
i personally think it 's completely necessary but i know many of my opponent will disagree .
are we still not multiracial enough compare to some of our NE_world-region-0 rival ? ?
ENT_amr-unknown-0 do you think ? ?
mate you be all confuse .
when people say " the tories be too white " or " NE_organization-0 be too white "
what they mean be " the amount of white people in the tories be disproportionately represent compare to the british population ".
i.e. -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 of the british population be non @-@ white , but -CONST--1 ENT_percentage-entity-1 of the tories be not correspondingly non @-@ white .
there be a bias in representation .
this be bad because it mean certain race be be exclude .
this be completely different to ask whether an entire nation population should be a certain skin colour - skin colour should be irrelevant .
it 's absolutely sicken you would want to diminish a race 's presence just for the sake of it .
the question be pretty , well , questionable
i do n't know of many people who want diversity for diversity 's sake .
the issue with place like " white " NE_organization-0 be the glass ceiling that keep minority and women out , as there be the feel ( whether true or not ! ) that there be not a level and fair play field .
funny how people come up with imaginary argument from the " other side ", as i 've never hear any of these " liberal " you refer to .
i think , as usual , you 're frame an argument in a way that will make your so call opinion look bad
if a memeber of your family be go an illegal activty would you conact the police about their action ?
obviously that depends on the activity .
i 'm not go to report my mate for drive at -CONST--0 on the motorway but if i suspect he be a serial killer i might be incline to tell somebody
i do n't know if contact the police would be the rationale approach .
i think i would personally confront that family memeber .
if i be unsuccessful i 'd get other family member to help and ultimately if they still refuse to listen -- i 'd leave them to their own accord and let them do what -CONST--0 belive be right or wrong .
because at the end of the day , my conscious would be clear [in the sense that i do try and help them].
tell the police would not be wise , as you 'd be create enemy .
it 'd depend ENT_amr-unknown-0 they be do .
if i do n't think they be harm anyone ( smoke dope , illegally downloading music etc ) then i would n't report them ; if they be hurt other people ( violent crime , theft from individual etc ) then i definitely would .
same go for anyone i be aware of commit a crime , tbh .
i would n't go ' ooh , you 've murder -CONST--0 people with an axe , but you 're my mum so i won't tell anyone '
the main argument i hear about this issue be that this country be ' full ' or that there 's enough unemployment as it be .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 exactly make people feel that NE_country-0 people deserve to remain in this NE_country-1 more than anyone else ENT_amr-unknown-1 just happen to have be born into poverty or war ?
surely if we 're all equal then no matter where one 's born , they have equal right to live in the NE_country-0 as someone born here .
i 'm not against immigration but i think it should be more regulate .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 ? because immigration have already cause a lot of " social issue " and until we solve those problem i do n't think its good to just let everyone in .
how should it work : education of NE_language-0 , their intention , and to what they will contribute and most importantly their ideology and belief .
to those whom the welfare state be the biggest concern i think the problem arise from the fact that there be already too many english people sponge off the state and if we add anymore people be it immigrant or " britons " our state of ENT_government-organization-0 would collapse and then our economy .
because i wish to protect diversity .
if immigration level be too high , the indigenous population ' gene pool will eventually become so dilute to essentially be extinct .
the cultural and genetic distinction that make the world a diverse , vary and interesting place will be lose , forever .
so that mean that in contrast to the general population they be actually slightly under represented therefore the NE_government-organization-0 do not rely on immigrant as much as leftie NE_thing-0 user claim they do .
well certainly in NE_city-0 they be here .
but to be honest if you live in a village like NE_city-0 , anywhere in the south west of NE_country-0 , or anywhere as a matter of fact in the rest of the NE_country-1 , all you will find be white , but in NE_city-1 you will find ethnic people
besides this be from -CONST--0 , i 'm pretty sure that the figure would be different now .
correct me if i 'm wrong .
the data be nearly -CONST--0 year old .
your point that this show that there be n't as many immigrant in the nhs as people think be surely not prove by that data - immigrant can be white e.g. immigrant from NE_country-0 or NE_country-1 would be count under the white statistic .
all i see on thestudentroom these day be agitate non @-@ muslims interrogate muslims , criticising their religion ( as any sane person would ) , muslims sign up to NE_website-0 just to post some anti @-@ NE_country-0 propaganda to persuade people about how evil NE_country-1 be or how NE_religious-group-0 be the religion of peace
it seem that the blood libel rumour of medeival time that NE_religious-group-0 kill NE_religious-group-1 baby to use their blood for wine be today in the form of zionists/jews/israelis kill palestinian baby just because theyre pure evil , and i think the islamic propaganda machine be succeed in convince people ?
anything which take side against muslims get a million negs - its obvious muslims be in a huge presence on tsr .
with a quarter of all primary school children from ethnic minority ( mainly islamic ) be the race @-@ relation and religious demography of thestudentroom a sign of thing to come on a national scale in britain ?
from tsr to a national scale be a pretty big jump do n't you think .
also this be a forum where topic be go to be discuss and these be categorised e.g. religion .
so you have a choice in view these thread and not be part of this so call propaganda .
also in my opinion there be more atheist than muslims on tsr .
and what have NE_religious-group-0 , zionists and NE_country-0 get to do with NE_religious-group-1 ?
finally " a quarter of all primary school children be muslim ".
i 've be threaten by countless of them on here .
generally they need positive feedback all the time , eithewise they get really agressive .
most of them be racist in my opinion .
agree , if people want to be muslim - then fine .
but when it become their life objective to annoy the life out people with their " read the quaran - or die ! !!" thread , it become a bit annoy -@ _ @-
over the past -CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 year i 've have quite a few discussion with people about current affair ( namely the issue of terrorism and the related issue of immigration , global politics etc ) and quite often hear a common belief that a british civil war will erupt when ethnic minority increase in number and become more estabished .
this beleif be common amonst certain white british nationalist etc...
i do n't believe this will ever happen for various reasons....
do any of you beleive that a british @/@ english civil war will take place ( on the basis of race/identity )?
if so , ENT_amr-unknown-0 do you predict/envisage ?
i believe it will happen ( something similar to what NE_country-0 have now to an NE_country-1 @-@ NE_country-2 type thing ) .
what a ridiculous comparison .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 be it any different ?
the only difference be NE_country-0 be still suffer injustice .
as the number of minority group who do n't respect secular law increase they will demand greater autonomy , and mini @-@ vassal state will appear but still remain part of the NE_country-0 ( like NE_country-1 ) and thing will get pretty tense .
so you reckon that ENT_ordinal-entity-0 a large imperial power will rule the NE_country-0 ( like the NE_empire-0 rule NE_country-1 ) .
this imperial power will be defeat and then power will pass to another power ( like NE_country-0 become a NE_country-1 mandate ) .
so you think that an entire group of people be go to move to the NE_country-0 after a genocide , and then a state will be establish , vote for and partition by the NE_organization-0 ?
you then think that neighbouring country will then invade this new state , that the native NE_country-0 people will be force to flee to like NE_province-0 ( NE_world-region-0 ) and NE_province-1 , NE_province-2 , NE_province-3 , NE_province-4 , NE_province-5 and a part of NE_city-0 ( NE_country-region-0 ) .
that these british people will form militant group , that want to return to the former NE_country-0 .
that this new state will be support by the NE_country-0 who will provide -CONST--0 with diplomatic protection and weaponry ?
as i say , absolutely mental to transplant NE_country-0 @/@ NE_country-1 to the NE_country-2 .
not sure how NE_country-0 can call itself a civilised country when a woman be rape every -CONST--0 minute .
for some people , civilisation seem to rest on how rapist be treat ENT_amr-unknown-0 in custody and not how ENT_amr-unknown-1 rapist actually exist .
i be disgust by NE_country-0 .
something need to be do obviously the easiest way to stop rape be to deal with rapist a lot tough and send out a clear message that it be not acceptable .
at the moment they be give on average -CONST--0 year in jail .
its a disgrace .
no other country in the history of the world have be so permissive towards criminal .
britain : weak on crime , tough on the victim of crime .
on a serious note rapist should have longer sentence , i would be happy for them to spend their whole life in prison if it 's beyond practically any doubt they rape someone
i do n't see how tougher prison sentence will prevent rape from occur .
the appellation of ' rapist ' be stigmatising enough ; the scum who rape people clearly do n't care about the consequence .
the sentence rapist and paedophiles ae give be joke .
wow , people be so reactionary .
there be so many different type of rape , and situation , a single life sentance make no sense .
it be a crime of massive degree of difference , i think the mark of a good legal system be that it can deal with every individual crime , rather than simply hand out the same punishment ragrdless of the circumstance .
that say , we could be tougher on all criminal , not just rapist .
and , to put thing into perspective , ENT_amr-unknown-0 often do women have consensual sex ?
ENT_amr-unknown-0 's that ?
you do n't know(!)
oh well nvm then...
bring back capital punishment .
sorry to have to point out the bleed obvious to the majority of you , but it seem like a minority of user actually have to be tell this : do not make troll post or " joke " about rape , it be n't funny .
for rape ?
are you for real ?
not just rapist , overall perhaps ?
i 'm honestly shock by that number , i would have think it would be more than that .
although that be just the number of report rape , which probably do n't even account for half .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 do you mean by that ?
do you think it 's not one of the most serious crime ?
i keep frequently see thread make hate on NE_religious-group-0 , which be somewhat hypocritical and disturbing i believe in many case .
i be an atheist ; therefore i be not try to defend NE_religious-group-0 out of be ' islamic ' before i be accuse of that .
i be also consider by british nationalist to be -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 british ( although i reject the idea that NE_country-0 make a real difference ) , so i be not show sympathy for NE_religious-group-0 out of experience similar hostility or racism .
however , i do believe that NE_religious-group-0 and NE_religious-group-1 , along with other major religion , all play very similar and negative role in the world .
therefore , i do not believe we should be cherry @-@ pick NE_religious-group-0 as some specific evil , but rather oppose all religion for the extremely negative role they play in the world .
the usual argument held against NE_religious-group-0 be that it be responsible for terrorism .
this may be correct , but the fact of the matter be ; whether somebody be use NE_religious-group-0 to commit terrible act , regardless of the wrongdoing , all major religion play a large role in shape society , and ultimately , fulfil play a very similar negative role .
and when use the idea that NE_religious-group-0 inspires terrorism, if we be honestly that bother about such wrong @-@ do in the world , then we would surely be more concern with end the much more severe crisis 's and wrong @-@ do 's such as starvation and war .
both of these ill be far more widespread and important than the threat of terrorism , as of which we be more like to die by our own hand rather than by the hand of an ' NE_religious-group-0 terrorist '.
it be almost unbelievable how the idea that a NE_religious-group-0 should have any sympathy or support when they proclaim a dislike for NE_religious-group-1 , when the religion they subscribe to right now in britain , be play a much more negative role .
we should oppose religion simply on the basis that all religion play a negative role .
but we should not bully specific religion because of certain condition and influence of the society we presently live in .
this be of course , an argument only for those who aspire to reason , rationality and evidence in mind .
i have no expectation that i will be receive any support for my remark by NE_religious-group-0 or other adherent of major religion .
i be an atheist and i think NE_religious-group-0 be the most inherently evil religion out of all the other one .
i would choose to live in a NE_religious-group-0 society over a muslim one any day .
as an atheist i can differentiate between NE_religious-group-0 and NE_religious-group-1 be progressive , whilst NE_religious-group-2 be not .
well to be honest it 's a -CONST--0 head coin .
i completely agree sometimes , there be a horrendously bad labeling of NE_religious-group-0 unnecessarily .
but sometimes it do no come under as much criticism ( for small case , not the religion as a whole ) as other religion because people just get label racist .
i know everybody be gonna neg me as racist but someone have to say it .
similarly to how not all claim be create equal , and individual claim require differ level of evidence , neither be all religion create equal and it be rational to dislike a certain religion over another if one can be show to be more detrimental to another .
so it be irrelevant that you believe all religion play a negative role , even though i agree with you , because our priority should be focused on those which be the most detrimental .
would you honestly have us use the same resource in combating the negative effect of NE_religious-group-0 and combating the negative effect of NE_religious-group-1 ?
i would also like you to back up your assertion that NE_religious-group-0 , which in this country be in a weak and almost laughable form , be play a more negative role in britain 's society than NE_religious-group-1 be right now .
also , read your post you appear to be a highly arrogant , self @-@ righteous , and cocky person .
your last sentence be almost cringe worthy in its self @-@ importance .
you 're -CONST--0 .
time to get some humility and eat some humble pie , because i guarantee you 're go to be wrong on countless thing throughout your life .
if you compare a traditionally christian/buddhist/whatever country to a traditionally NE_religious-group-0 country in term of stability , equality , safety and crime , quality of life etc , there 's a good chance the non @-@ NE_religious-group-1 one be go to come out on top ( there would likely be exception , but as a general rule.)
that be -CONST--0 reason why people perceive it to be worse for society .
and i do n't say this out of hate .
i 'm aware that most individual muslims be friendly and civilised fellow .
we live in an age where celebrity be god and fame be seek after above all else .
people go crazy when see celebrity , faint when they touch them and track their each and every movement via magazine , hell there 's a subforum dedicate to them on this site !
ENT_amr-unknown-0 do we feel the need to elevate people to celebrity status and worship them ? i really do n't understand how this culture emerge and ENT_amr-unknown-1 .
must have something to do with provide people with god to worship and adore in an age in which god have be kill . by do so , i guess , many people be save from nihilism as a result of the loss of value from the death of NE_person-0 . thus , superstar and rockstars be put on a pedastal for people to look up to and aspire to be like . if we be live in ancient NE_city-0 , for example , the superstar and rockstars would be the heroic gladiator , but the best gladiator be often think of as god in their own right . they be supposedly treat like god . ceasar himself be worship as a NE_person-1 by the people . the god of yestreday be the star of today . when NE_person-2 become famous they be say he be a NE_person-3 . great individual be sometimes regard as more than human by their fan . NE_person-4 , NE_person-5 , NE_person-6 , NE_person-7 , NE_person-8 , NE_person-9 , NE_person-10 , NE_person-11 , NE_person-12 , NE_person-13 , boy band like NE_band-0 , NE_person-14 and the like .
i think its disgust that the death of a drink and drug adict get -CONST--0 seperate article on the NE_organization-0 website , and there wasnt even a mention of the NE_country-0 soldier kill in the same week . people need to get priority in order
i can n't recall hear of this much before the riot of late , so i wonder whether it will become a regular crime from now on .
it do n't have to occur alongside a riot , but carefully plan and limit to a close circle , it could be a very lucractive crime .
if a circle of -CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 target a high @-@ end retailer during a perfectly normal shop day , perhaps at a strategic location and time , i do n't really see what could stop them from loot a shop with lot of valuable merchandise within proximity of the entrance e.g. luxury clothe shop .
if we make that number -CONST--0 @/@ -CONST--1 it would be nearly impossible to stop them .
are you try to set something up or ENT_amr-unknown-0 ?
that 's different though , the riot be promote like a chain letter , be n't they , rather than a plot between a few people who all actually knew each other , and therefore could be round up fairly easily .
and surely it 's just " loot " because it be still associate with general civil unrest .
but people will see the footage of them carry off luxury goods for nothing and even pose alongside plasmas .
they 'll get idea .
apparently it be in a multicultural office . my arse it be .
even our own NE_country-0 people arent even allow to do anything because it will offend these immigrants...
as NE_person-0 say , " so ENT_amr-unknown-0 if youre offend ?
im offend by backwards baseball cap and chew gum , doesnt mean im go to abolish it "
okay , i mean to say ban , not arrest .
id like to make this clear , its not the muslims be have a go at , but the official .
they recieved complaint ( could be muslims , we dont know ) , and the official say breastfeed be offfensive to muslims .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 do the official ssay that ?
i think its because this country be afraid of muslims - suicide bomber , poppy burner , stone people to death.... you know the story .
these official be say its offensive because they want to go on the muslims good side and not make any enemy .
NE_religious-group-0 be a bad religion .
in fact all religion be bad imo .
i think that 's a bit much .
it 's not up to NE_religious-group-0 if she breastfeed her child her not .
tell her to fee her baby in a toilet be also ridiculous .
NE_religious-group-0 be n't offend by breastfeed , it be just the labour councillor of the multicultural office say ' it will offend them '
people like this just end up create argument between 2 different religion @/@ community for no reason what so ever
you know ENT_amr-unknown-0 the problem be with this country ?
our school dont teach critical think .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 of a **** do you have to be to design a curriculum without critical think on it ?
if you can ban something somebody else do based on your faith , everybody else can ban thing you do based on their faith .
if you want everybody else to use reason with you , you have to use reason with them .
how ENT_amr-unknown-0 of you support capital punishment ?
this be what i think @-
argument for :
- those who murder deserve to have the same done to them
- can be a deterrent
- justice for the victim 's family
- cheap than prison
argument against :
- the person kill could be innocent
- it 's inhumane and barbaric , the criminal may be able to be reform
- it make us just as bad as them
ultimately , i really do n't know ENT_amr-unknown-0 i stand on this issue . up until recently i be very much in favour of it . i 'd say that maybe it should be use in extreme circumstance but it 'd be difficult to know ENT_amr-unknown-1 not to execute someone .
any comment ?
to be honest i 'm for it if it 's cheaper . other than that , meh . -CONST--0 think be in isolation for ENT_temporal-quantity-0 at a ENT_temporal-quantity-1 would be worse than a quick death , although i 'm not sure .
but then , i 'm not sure if the death sentance would be cheaper , as you 'd have to have a mass of appeal and such like before hand .
i would n't support it for ENT_ordinal-entity-0 time offenses , but when a criminal be give a ENT_ordinal-entity-1 chance and reoffends , i 'm all for it... i mean , if the evidence be -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 conclusive that be , which be the case most of the time now with modern technology etc
i be on a tour in NE_country-0 last week when the operator on the bus ask ENT_amr-unknown-0 everyone be from .
as it happen i be the only NE_country-0 person on the bus , and when ask i say that i be from ' NE_country-1 '.
the guide then say , ' no you 're not , you 're from the NE_country-0 ' and start make a big deal out of it and i get quite embarassed .
i be actually really angry at that though because i identify far more as NE_country-0 than i do as NE_country-1 .
when we be in the pub later on , -CONST--0 NE_country-0 also comment , say that they do n't think it be right for him to say that , as you would n't expect a NE_country-1 person to say that they be from the NE_country-2 .
be it only the NE_country-0 who be n't allow this kind of pride in where they live ?
personally i find it nonsensical to be proud of something you have n't choose or done , but it 's up to you if you want to be proud where you come from .
i could n't care less really ENT_amr-unknown-0 my nationality be , it 's just letter on a passport ,
i still wonder ENT_amr-unknown-0 my identity be , a human be , a brit , a NE_continent-0 ?
no , i prefer to call myself a overgrown monkey .
you be allow to state where you 're from .
that be n't pride . that 's just a statement of fact .
i do n't think there 's anything massively wrong to to feel a sentimental pride towards your country ,
it be human nature to feel attach to where you come from .
it be nationalism that become an issue .
his jump down your throat be his problem .
you 're from the NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 so in my opinion which ever one you choose to identify yourself as you be correct .
you 've probably guess ENT_amr-unknown-0 this one 's about !
in the -CONST--0 census , the question of what people 's religious affiliation be , and many people decide to put " NE_religious-group-0 " in the hope that it would be recognised as an official religion .
it be n't . but -CONST--0 people decide tocall themselves jedis anyway .
i 'm wonder ENT_amr-unknown-0 people make of this .
i kinda expect more jedis to be out there , although in all honesty , i would say that i have n't actually see anyone wield a lightsaber , so that may be flaw .
i just think that -CONST--0 in every -CONST--1 people be a bit small , since the campaign be well @-@ publicised , and there be no repurcussions for not tell the truth on the religion question .
so ENT_amr-unknown-0 do everyone else make of it ?
i know quite a few NE_religious-group-0 put down ''jedi'' on the census as they do n't want ENT_government-organization-0 record that they be NE_religious-group-1 - that 's how NE_person-0 manage to find all the NE_religious-group-2 so easily - it be all keep carefully on detailed and accurate note .
it can be argue that it be none of the ENT_government-organization-0 's concern as to ENT_amr-unknown-0 each jew/muslim/sikh/christian etc. lives..
ENT_amr-unknown-0 would that affect gdp or the state of the economy ?
on the other hand it can be say that they should know who practice what as they run the country and can thus make law accord the proportionate number of each faith etc.
- as a NE_ethnic-group-0 and have experience anti @-@ semtism myself ( as many jews have and do ) i would sway towards the former view in term of safety , but i can understand ENT_amr-unknown-0 people would disagree with this and choose the latter .
earlier this month the result from the -CONST--0 NE_country-0 social attitude survey be publish by the ENT_government-organization-0 .
the main find , as mention in the title , be that for the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 ENT_temporal-quantity-0 a full -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 of NE_country-0 people no long associate themselves with any religion , and over half of the people that do affiliate with a religion never attend religious service or meeting , with only -CONST--1 ENT_percentage-entity-1 attend such event on -CONST--2 weekly basis .
it 's die . good .
i do n't really care either way , to be honest .
all this really prove be that the question on the census need reword .
nice to see that those lack a religion be now a majority , although thankfully NE_country-0 NE_religious-group-0 tend to be very reserve and moderate unlike their NE_country-1 counterpart .
though undoubtedly many of the response on this thread will still use the -CONST--0 census as a reliable source for religious demographics despite the fact it 's -CONST--1 year old .
good .
will be interesting to compare this to the census data when it 's release .
i be regain my faith in humanity .
NE_country-0 next .
NE_country-0 be probably a lost cause , but i 'm please to see we 're go NE_world-region-0 .
this be n't intrinsically an anti @-@ NE_religious-group-0 thread .
nor be i say that other religion do n't have follower that do thing that be similar and worse .
today that 's not my focus .
-CONST--0 of lamb be ritually kill a short time ago .
many muslims make the claim that it be do in a way that be painless .
however , i 'm unsure of what be really go on .
children be see to be show disrespect and a lack of care .
adult the same .
even if you claim that animal and human simply be n't equal , it do not justify harm them .
it would be like claim i be above someone else therefore i can do what i want to them .
it do n't make any sense .
this video show the lamb , which appear to be in a great deal of pain , be kill .
my question be , ENT_amr-unknown-0 be that peaceful ?
or justify ?
in this day and age in the NE_world-region-0 it have become increasingly easy to be a vegan .
so ENT_amr-unknown-0 would you put animal intentionally through unnecessary pain and suffer ?
graphic video in spoiler :
-CONST--0 minute in you see a lamb kill .
6.44 what look like salt be put over where the wound will be . will this not worsen the pain ?
during the NE_event-0 , muslims remember and commemorate the trial and triumph of the prophet NE_person-0 ( as ) .
the meat from the sacrifice of NE_event-0 be mostly give away to others although there be no limit to what may be eat or give in charity or use to fee the poor or the rich or even if one want to give it away cook or uncooked .
generally though , it be prefer that you give most of it in charity .
the method of slaughter be similar to the one used throughout the whole world , by muslims and non @-@ muslims .
there be probably many variant though but consider -CONST--0 method " worse " than another be subjective .
the most important difference though be that in NE_religious-group-0 , you be obligate to put the animal under as little pain as possible and to treat it humanely ( during the slaughter and every instant of it 's live before it ) .
anyone who say halal ritual do not cause pain be a liar .
i have see an animal throat slit and it survive and be in a lot of pain .
ironically it be a pig that be be slaughter .
i be in NE_country-0 and they slit its throat .
before any muslim say " it be n't do properly , " do n't talk that crap .
the cut be so deep i be surprise it be n't fully decapitate .
however the pig squeal in agony and be still run until it bleed out .
i 'm sorry but its all a load of crap " halal doesnt cause pain "
if you have a problem with the slaughter of animal , you should be vegetarian and disapprove of all slaughter , which i assume you be .
why this have anything to do with NE_religious-group-0 and a festival where lamb be slaughter for the poor in memory of NE_person-0 's ) loyalty to NE_person-1 i do not see .
oh and btw , a few year ago -CONST--0 be in a town near my home city in NE_country-0 with my family for NE_event-0 - and literally the people there be starve and malnourished beyond belief .
to such people , the pain of an animal be the last thing on their mind .
i only mention because it be so easy to view thing from a western ENT_ordinal-entity-0 world perspective , which be why we also criticise NE_country-0 fur farm where fur be strip from animal when they be alive cause unbelievable pain for incredibly long extended period , but to a NE_country-1 family in the remote rural region , NE_country-2 be their only source of bread and butter - and trust me , these people who really do not know whether they will get another meal ( unlike the gluttony we engage in -CONST--0 @/@ -CONST--1 since birth here in the NE_world-region-0 ) think very differently from us - and justifiably so .
the recent case of the NE_religious-group-0 pastor in NE_country-0 have give me cause to ponder the question in the thread title .
here we have a man who know that his life be in great peril if he refuse to recant his NE_religious-group-0 faith , yet that be exactly what he do .
it go without say that his bravery be truly commendable .
his possible martyrdom parallel that of the apostle who evangelised in the knowledge that what they be do would likely get them kill .
i often wonder if i would be so brave if i be in their shoe
i love god more than anything , but it 's impossible to imagine ENT_amr-unknown-0 kind of pressure the pastor in NE_country-0 be under .
would you sacrifice yourself in defence of your faith ?
yes , without doubt , yes i will sacrifice myself in defence of my faith .
god do sacrifice himself for us , so i think it 's sensible for us to sacrifice ourselves for our religion .
even if i be religious i doubt i would ever die for my religion .
whats the point ?
do you think it get you an automatic ticket to heaven ?
be it go to change the mind of the one who kill you ?
ENT_amr-unknown-0 about your family and friend ?
if someone hold a gun to your head and demmands you recant , just f***ing do it ! !
it doesnt mean anything , god isnt go to deny you access to heaven because you make a perfectly rational decision under intense pressure
i 've be watch some of his video and i definitely think he have a right to criticize religion if he want to .
but i find a lot of the time he make such sweeping statement and sometimes unnecessary insult that annoy me .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 do you think of him and his video ?
he 's a bit aggressive , rave and rant a lot , and mix up a lot of different political stance into -CONST--0 bundle when many be in no way relate , but beyond that....
yeah , guy speak a lot of truth .
everytime when i watch him , i think to myself " okay , we get it .
you hate muslims .
and your point is..?".
just spot the thread about the NE_work-of-art-0 , and look over at it they 're seem to be some people claim to not only believe in bigfoot but claim to have see one , not im not sure if this be sarcasm , -CONST--0 ENT_amr-unknown-0 the hell....
anyone see a real life sasquatch ?
i 've see an actual photograph of an -CONST--0 person in an actual bigfoot costume .
do that count ?
for any who be n't already aware NE_person-0 believe he come upon a sasquatch trackway and i while camp with friend on NE_island-0 several year ago find -CONST--0 set of track and have a close range audio encounter with what at the time -CONST--1 attributed to sasquatch( es @- at the ENT_temporal-quantity-0 -CONST--2 think there be an adult and juvenile ) but now -CONST--3 discount the event as inconclusive and likely mistaken identity give the spurious nature of bf evidence .
however , i still fel pretty confident i could rule out hoax because of the remoteness of the area .
but hey , you never know...
i actually surf in after -CONST--0 year because -CONST--1 want to hear the NE_organization-0 side on this issue . no one appear to have post about this yet .
apparently , the -CONST--0 folk that die pay nearly -CONST--1 dollar to attend the new age sweat lead by -CONST--2 time NE_person-0 guest .
NE_person-0 - a non @-@ NE_ethnic-group-0 , lead over -CONST--0 people into the sweat ' lodge '.
-CONST--0 people become ill , and -CONST--1 more be still in critical condition tonight .
i just read about this story .
it 's a tragedy , and i also find it reveal that the new age guru in question , NE_guru-0 , have since leave the NE_state-0 .
from what i understand , it sound like NE_person-0 do n't know what the hell he be do , because he put entirely too many people in entirely too small a space .
in addition , they cover the lodge with material that do n't allow for decent air flow .
put all of that together , and you have a situation ripe for asphyxiation .
apparently they be still want to question the guy .
they say he be uncooperative .
i do n't know much about the law on this but would n't it be negligent homicide or something ?
this would be an interesting story to keep up with .
i have be search for this story to no avail .
a few week ago me and a few friend watch a tv show on NE_publication-0 ( their house not mine ! ) where a guy claim to have recover from a coma with a newfound ability...
he can play the piano like an expert .
he say he can n't write music , but he see musical note in his mind and he can " miraculously " play them seemingly perfect , or close to it .
he claim to have no musical train and have never play an instrument in his life .
my b.s. meter go off , of course .
do anyone here have more information about this guy ?
i can n't remember his name...i think he be in the NE_country-0
i can n't find anything on the web or here at NE_organization-0 .
for musician : i wonder ENT_amr-unknown-0 he would handle key signature since he say the note just fly by in his mind .
are they notate as sharp or flat ?
or be he stick in NE_music-key-0 forever ?
my off the cuff guess be that he play the piano before the coma .
perhaps he be a fail musician and see an opportunity to get into the limelight .
i would think people in -CONST--0 life would know that he could play previously , but as we all know , believer won't care , or simply claim that these people be lie .
the ability to play the piano and other instrument to a high level not only involve technical ability but also physical train ( remember the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 time you try to spin note on a guitar or piano ? )
ENT_amr-unknown-0 be it possible he wake with all his piano play muscle fully develop ?
well in the case of the guy NE_person-0 write about , it be more a matter of wake up to a newfound passion for the piano , not that he wake a fully develop piano player .
he claim to have be a guy who listen to rock music before the accident , but afterward could n't get enough of piano music , start to sit down at a piano to play , and then more and more often , and then he be hear music in his head , and it just become an obsession .
so nothing really mystical about it . the man himself seem to put a spiritual spin on it , but it make sense all the same without it .
i 'd say it 's not impossible .
he seem to be play by ear .
his music be unstructured ; it sound like he 's just play whatever come into his head .
he 's not play classical work like NE_person-0 .
also , i 'd say he 's self @-@ teach at the very least .
watch his hand .
he do n't hold them in the typical position that most piano player be teach .
he look like he 's just stab at the next note he want to play .
it have be note that there have be a lot of thread create on the topic of global warm .
a great number of these topic rapidly descend into bicker and other rule violation .
although -CONST--0 of the biggest thread be put on moderate status , it seem that many of the other thread have spring up in order to avoid moderate status .
that thread have now be close .
since many of the thread cover the same or similar ground , we 've decide to keep only this thread for general global warm discussion , which will be moderate .
unless the topic be very different from the " general " discussion , new thread and post about global warm will be move to that thread if they satisfy the membership agreement .
failure to confine general discussion to this moderate thread or start other thread for general discussion will be treat as rule -CONST--0 violation and subject to a series of escalate penalty just like any other membership violation .
we hope this will encourage civility in the discussion of global warm .
we realize this topic inspire strong emotion , but -CONST--0 contain your emotion to those form which be permissible under the NE_law-0 .
i do n't know if you guy have follow NE_person-0 's channel on NE_publication-0 , but his series of delightfully devastate and wither video on climate science and creationism be something to behold .
the latest in the series look at the " scientist " that represent the denialist side in the climate " debate "
-CONST--0 'm aware of -CONST--1 , have read a few article and what not over the last few month .
the response be of course tongue and cheek , a commentary on the nonsense that you can n't have a meaningful discussion without hot link .
hoepfully this new thread will promote just such discussion .
i do n't see how , short of turn to nuclear entirely , how we can reduce NE_small-molecule-0 level without sequester and ge .
not only that , but if you believe the current model to be accurate , we need to reduce the effect of NE_small-molecule-0 now .
so this could have be in the science , music , or current event forum and if any mod should choose to move it , that will be fine with me .
i 'm watch the NE_show-0 and they 've put on a tribute to NE_person-0 include campbell sing NE_music-0 .
and in the tribute they announce he have NE_disease-0 .
it amaze me that people be be diagnose when they still have enough think capacity to discuss their fate .
be rich , i hope he get to try the new treatment recently successfully use on mice .
i would .
it 's a drug currently approve for chemotherapy in human .
this will be remarkable if it pan out .
so ENT_amr-unknown-0 do i post this and make it about NE_person-0 instead of just about the science ?
i do n't know .
it just strike me hear the announcement NE_person-0 have NE_disease-0 at the same time he be still well enough to appear on stage at the NE_award-0 .
it 's weird .
and the discovery of a treatment that be a drug already approve for use in human should make a bit different of a pathway for research .
if you be wealthy or simply have access to the drug , and have NE_disease-0 would you use it immediately instead of wait for conclusive study ?
i have this discussion with NE_person-0 ( fls ) in the past and i really wish she have n't leave the forum because i 'd like to use this example to revisit the discussion .
i can n't speak for her but i get the impression she would wait for the research to be more conclusive .
i use the criteria : if it be not harmful and there be some evidence it might work , and if there be no better alternative , i think it be worth try .
in this case it be the potential benefit and lack of any alternative treatment and the fact NE_disease-0 be such a devastate terminal disease that it outweigh the fact the research be premature .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 say the rest of you ?
i 'd do it in a heartbeat .
our brain be who we be , and without memory we be just animal .
you risk almost nothing , to gain everything .
my feel be that when i grow old enough that i 've " have a good run , " ENT_amr-unknown-0 not donate my body to science before i die ?
if -CONST--0 have some disease that will kill me in a few month or year anyway , then , by all mean , experiment on me with some new drug that have potential .
and if i have some issue that won't kill me for awhile , well , ENT_amr-unknown-0 the hell if the new drug cause some side effect ?
i can always stop take it .
either way , there be some chance that i 'll help people younger than i be .
and once i die , then take my body and do whatever be useful with it .
i do n't need it anymore .
i be my mind .
at age -CONST--0 , with the possibility of NE_disease-0 loom in my future , i would take any supplement or drug -- experimental or otherwise -- that may prevent or delay this dread condition .
obviously i would avoid anything demonstrably and seriously harmful .
many conjecture like nsaids , NE_product-0 , fish oil have come and gone .
i have and will continue to try them all until they be proven ineffective or seriously harmful .
precious little news on development .
last i see NE_country-0 scientist be say that they may have reach the surface .
i be frankly about as interested in this as be humanly possible .
though i expect that little will be find outside of micro @-@ organism , i have hope that there will be discovery similar to those around the black smoker .
my kid be hope for NE_thing-0 .
they may have to wait until after NE_festival-0 .
a bit of an anticlimax consider the conversation we have on the subject last year ,
much more grip than this thread mate !
the huge interconnected lake about -CONST--0 mile below antarctic ice can n't be touch because they must be under enormous pressure .
i would think that to drill into them would cause a collapse of -CONST--0 of mile of ice , erupt water , flood and wipe out area the size of NE_state-0 ?
as be usual at NE_organization-0 , much hilarity and education then ensued...
anxiety and inattention over NE_city-0 's next NE_thing-0
it point out that a magnitude -CONST--0 earthquake be actually -CONST--1 time smaller in term of energy release that the magnitude -CONST--2 earthquake that cause the tsunami last year .
however , the NE_earthquake-0 of -CONST--0 which kill over -CONST--1 be a -CONST--2 .
and , i 'm pretty sure they do n't mean that this earthquake will be exactly magnitude -CONST--0 .
it could be bigger .
still , i think that NE_city-0 be more earthquake @-@ resistant today than it be in -CONST--0 .
so , i guess i 'll take my chance .
take your chance ? !
ENT_amr-unknown-0 do you live in NE_city-0 ?
curious...do other earthquake agency agree with the data from NE_city-0 ?
i would like to know what scale they 're use , because different seismic scale can result in enormously different result .
a perfect example be the -CONST--0 largest NE_city-0 earthquake .
the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 be m7+ but do only minor damage and cause no fatality due to a low mercalli intensity read ( actual measure of intensity of shake in a particular place ) .
the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 m6.3 quake register at x ( intense ) and higher on the mercalli intensity scale and have the highest peak ground ENT_acceleration-quantity-0 ever record .
many seismologist have say that the quake would have completely flatten almost any city in the world .
in term of energy release , the deadly NE_city-0 quake be not particularly big , but in term of shake intensity it be one of the most destructive quake ever record .
NE_country-0 's " NE_scale-0 be like the NE_thing-0 , but do n't have anywhere near as many division .
the highest category be -CONST--0 which seem to equate with -CONST--1 on the mercalli scale ( it go up to -CONST--2 ) .
this basically mean a scale -CONST--0 quake could be anything from a decently size but not overly destructive quake right up to a city @-@ leveling event .
i hear this term for a single world currency .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 be it that cts seem to think this be a threat ?
we can n't even get -CONST--0 political party to agree on fundamental economic principle .
there 's no reason to believe that we could get the NE_country-0 , NE_country-1 and NE_country-2 to ever agree on a common currency .
plus , the euro zone be show strain around the edge , so now would be a very bad time to try .
so ENT_amr-unknown-0 do you guy think the NE_country-0 invade NE_country-1 and NE_country-2 ?
do you think our leader really think NE_country-0 have wmd ?
and do you think they actually care ?
ENT_amr-unknown-0 benefit from the war ?
ENT_amr-unknown-0 industry , ENT_amr-unknown-1 money @/@ power interest , ENT_amr-unknown-2 lobby group , etc ?
ENT_amr-unknown-0 be the NE_country-0 posture so strongly against NE_country-1 ?
are they really concern about wmds ?
ENT_amr-unknown-0 would NE_country-0 do with wmds that would scare the NE_country-1 so much ?
NE_country-0 take great control and spread rebellion against NE_country-1 ?
regional arm race ?
NE_country-0 use the bomb ?
NE_country-0 have be toying with the idea of " revisiting " NE_country-1 ever since the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 war end , particularly in -CONST--0 , when NE_person-0 ENT_ordinal-entity-1 start get coy with the inspector .
it do n't get much traction then because NE_country-0 be , at the time , experience a resurgance of isolation after the end of the NE_war-0 .
the issue be the same then , but NE_person-0 find the post @-@ NE_incident-0 NE_country-0 a bit more ameniable to the idea of war .
oil , wmds , NE_criminal-organization-0 , these be all simply mcguffins .
the real reason be that NE_person-0 be a petty dictator who weilded an inordinate amount of influence and be continually give the impression that he be up to something .
whether he actually be or not be n't the point .
be careful of special interest group hijack the message .
that 's what happen to the NE_political-party-0 lead them to be co @-@ opted into the NE_broadcast-program-0 NE_political-party-1 .
even if people show up who you agree with on some political issue , ask yourselves if that issue be actually relate to what the protest be about .
there will be , and probably already be , many faction who want nothing more than to turn the entire movement into a NE_political-party-0 fundraiser .
suddenly it will be about collective bargain for teacher or something else that do n't involve a corporation at all , let alone NE_company-0 .
the partisan on both side will try and expand their trench such that your movement fall into them .
keep an eye out , do n't be the next NE_political-party-0 .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 identity ?
it 's a collection of every wingnut cause out there , from NE_person-0 paultards to communist to anarchist to anti @-@ NE_country-0 to people who like to dress as zombie .
they want more ENT_government-organization-0 , less ENT_government-organization-1 , more immigration , protectionism , etc etc.
they protest corporation even as they organize on NE_publication-0 and NE_publication-1 and NE_publication-2 use laptop computer and smart phone , all fruit of corporation .
they rail against oil company while power generator with gasoline .
they want to end capitalism , while also get better pay .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 entity will pay them absent capitalism i have no idea .
kid throw a temper tantrum , basically .
they interview some of them on NE_publication-0 the other day .
-CONST--0 guy admit they do n't have a cohesive message and he be n't sure if they could have -CONST--1 consider the disparate group that be there .
he also acknowledge the irony of use large corporation like NE_company-0 to get the message out and use the NE_company-1 to go to the bathroom .
the NE_newspaper-0 print an opinion piece by a mr NE_person-0 which assert NE_country-0 's political system be superior to americas .
i do n't know if they though they be be edgy , but that 's a pretty stupid thing to print .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 next ?
NE_religious-group-0 attitude to women superior to the NE_world-region-0 's ?
you think people should only print that which toe the party line ?
ENT_amr-unknown-0 be it a " stupid thing to print " - opinion piece as far as i know be mean to be opinion and it may surprise some folk but not everyone hold the same opinion as they do .
given that news paper often print opinion piece to raise interest in their title it seem that it be far from be a pretty stupid thing to print as we be talk about the newspaper...
yeah , your thread title rather give a mislead opinion about the NE_disease-0 .
i 'm sure that be a complete accident of course .
i hear all sort of perspective on marriage . those who think monogamy be the proper standard , those who think monogamy be a tool use to oppress women , those who think that polygamy be terrible , those who think that polygamy be natural , etc.
but virtually ever culture in the world have some form of marriage...a concept in which a life @-@ long union be idealize , where there be formal ceremony to ' sanctify ' a man and a woman ( or multiple thereof ) . culture where , from childhood , children be raise and teach these ideal to the point where most of us think it be a natural part of human nature .
the form of marriage may differ from culture to culture , but it be consistent throughout our culture .
that be , except for at least -CONST--0 very unique NE_culture-0 , a NE_country-0 minority group who live in the NE_mountain-0 , close to the border with NE_province-0 .
-CONST--0 year ago , i establish a non @-@ profit organization to work with the NE_ethnic-group-0 , focusing on a variety of aspect ( education , development , etc.), but also on promote awareness of their culture , and to try to preserve it .
in the NE_ethnic-group-0 culture , there be no marriage .
no marriage ceremony exist .
there be no expectation whatsoever of life @-@ time bond or pairings .
children be raise not only without an expectation of spend their life with that -CONST--0 special person , but they often do n't even know ( or care ) ENT_amr-unknown-0 their biological father be .
in the NE_ethnic-group-0 culture , men and women can change and choose partner as they please .
monogamy be not consider special or even particularly desirable .
the NE_ethnic-group-0 live in large extended family , with many generation ( grandparent , parent , children , grandchildren , etc.) all live together in the same house .
men sleep in communal sleep room ( they do n't have private bedroom ) ; only the women have the luxury of a private bedroom .
thus , women tend to the the one in control of relationship .
traditionally , a NE_ethnic-group-0 woman will invite a man to spend the night with her .
the man will come to her home at night , sneak in through her window ( -CONST--0 be also a part of the NE_ethnic-group-0 culture that , while everyone know this be happen , it should be do in a manner that be not obvious ) , spend the night , and then leave early the next morning before everyone wake up .
thus the term " walk marriage "...because the men must walk to and from -CONST--0 assign rendevous each night .
the NE_ethnic-group-0 walk marriage be generally the most interesting -- and misunderstood -- aspect of -CONST--0 culture .
people be always fascinate by it , but misunderstanding and misperceptions abound .
-CONST--0 of the most common misperceptions be that the NE_ethnic-group-0 be very promiscuous , change partner all the time .
that be patently not true ; in fact , many NE_ethnic-group-0 pair will last for ENT_temporal-quantity-0 , and even ENT_temporal-quantity-1 .
there be no social stigma if someone do change partner often , but it be more common for the NE_ethnic-group-0 to engage in what have be describe as " serial monogamy "...that be , they do n't stick with -CONST--0 partner for their whole life , but each pair will tend to last for an extended period , and they won't generally have multiple partner while in a relationship .
however , there be fascinate and very unique aspect of these walk marriage .
ENT_ordinal-entity-0 , even among couple who be together for months/years/decades , they generally will never actually live together , or share property .
the man will continue to live in his family 's home , and his responsibility be to that family ; while the woman will continue to live her her home , and be responsible to her family .
the man will visit her at night , but the rest of the time they generally live separate life .
and what if they have a baby ? in general , father have little or no responsibility for children produce from such union ;
the baby will be raise in the mother 's home , and be a part of her family , not the father 's .
however , that do not mean that the men have no responsibility...it be just that the focus of that responsibility be shift .
in most culture , a man will be responsible to care for his own children ;
in NE_ethnic-group-0 culture , a man be responsible to care for the children of his sisters/nieces/aunts/etc . so NE_ethnic-group-1 men still have full parenting responsibilities...perhaps even moreso , since they may end up share responsibility for the children of many family member .
now , in some case , NE_ethnic-group-0 men do want to be involve in their own childrens ' upbringing .
if that be the case , after the child be born , the father will go to the mother 's home , and present the family matriarch with gift , ask to be accept as the father .
if the matriarch accept him , he be then an ' honorary member ' of the family , and have the right to visit and @/@ or stay there like any other family member , and to help raise the child .
however , this be not a frequent practice .
although this sound very strange at first , it actually provide remarkable stability for the children .
ENT_ordinal-entity-0 , they be not raise by just -CONST--0 parent ; everyone in the family share in parental duty , so the child really end up have multiple father and mother figure .
furthermore , if the mother and father end their relationship , there be virtually no impact or stress for the child .
there 's no fight over split property , because they never share property .
there 's no fight over custody of the child , because the child never belong to the father to begin with .
the mother 's relationship with different men may change , but it have little or no effect on the children .
-CONST--0 more thing i 'd like to point out . while this system actually work very effectively for the NE_ethnic-group-0 , it work only in a situation where there be a large extend family to provide support .
for those NE_ethnic-group-0 men and women who leave home to live @/@ work on their own in other city , they almost always choose more traditional marriage .
after all , care for a baby without its father when you have -CONST--0 other people in your home to help you be -CONST--1 thing ;
care for a baby without its father when you live by yourself be another matter entirely .
for more information about the NE_ethnic-group-0 culture , and our work with them , you can check out our organization 's website . and i welcome question and comment about this , or other aspect of NE_ethnic-group-1 culture .
while their way of life hold no particular allure to me ( my job consists of sit , write on paper and think about thing , i be allergic to horse , my great joy be my NE_world-region-0 traditional family of my wife and -CONST--0 daughter ) i applaud your effort to provide as unobtrusive assistance to these people as possible .
diversity of culture and think be a good thing , and i like your organization emphasis on put them in control .
i would suggest that you do n't worry about people who suggest that you try to protect them somehow from the outside world .
if the NE_ethnic-group-0 do n't want you or your organization 's help , i be sure they be quite capable of tell you to get lose .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 you say " we " be do this , ENT_amr-unknown-1 be " we "?
in particular , have you hook up with the various group like the NE_organization-0 and the NE_organization-1 ?
there 's a lot -- well , by linguistics standard , a lot -- of money float around for do exactly this , and it sound like NE_language-0 be -CONST--0 language that might be saveable if you can bring it to the attention of the appropriate professional .
so depending upon who the linguist you be bring in are , it may be possible @/@ practical to get some real heavyweight to come in for their support....
NE_person-0 , sound like you 're do some amaze work !
the NE_ethnic-group-0 sound like a fascinate people .
matrilineal system be indeed rather rare .
i think there use to be ( ) some in NE_world-region-0 .
i do n't know if property be own by female but it be transfer through the female line ( a man 's heir would be his sister 's children ) .
i think some of the NE_ethnic-group-0 tribe in the NE_country-0 plain be also matrilineal .
very interesting . what this show , i think , be that while there be no marriage , there be also no illegitimacy -- that be , most children ( a ) know who their father be ( and the father do not deny it , even if they have no role in care for them ) and ( b ) have -CONST--0 male and female adult ( mother and her brother ) take care of them .
also , it 's easy to see why this social arrangement will discourage promiscuity .
in general , most men will be responsible for raise , roughly , the same number of children as they have , even if they do n't raise their own children .
however , if you be a man who have too many partner -- or , more important , too many children -- you be probably see as a freeloader : someone who make society take care of their many children while only care for a few of society 's children in return .
am i correct here ?
you 're the expert , i 'm just make an educated(?) guess .
you have to wonder ENT_amr-unknown-0 this be not big news and her hearing kinda fade out of the spotlight...
could it be that there be this long drawn out leak that be go to end the world in the NE_country-region-0 , that this ENT_government-organization-0 seem hell bent on let continue ? lol
i be sure their genitalia will make a lot of difference when ti come time to make a decision...
i do n't remember much balleyhoo when the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 black be elevate to the bench but then......
i 've enable multiple choice for this poll because i 'd like you to select which -CONST--0 candidate will finish in the top -CONST--1 in NE_state-0 .
the NE_state-0 primary be just -CONST--0 day away .
in the average of the last -CONST--0 poll there it look like this :
NE_person-0 -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0
NE_person-0 -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0
NE_person-0 -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0
NE_person-0 -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0
NE_person-0 -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0
NE_person-0 -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0
in -CONST--0 of the more recent poll , between -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2 ENT_percentage-entity-0 of NE_state-0 voter say they be either " likely to change their mind " or " undecided/uncommitted ".
ENT_amr-unknown-0 be your vote prediction for next tuesday ?
i 'm gonna ramble a bit and then reveal mine .
the consensus appear to be that NE_person-0 need a big win in NE_state-0 in order to propel him in NE_state-1 since his NE_state-2 result be almost to the vote the same total as -CONST--0 .
no new support for NE_person-0 .
in ' 08 , NE_person-0 finish ENT_ordinal-entity-0 to NE_person-1 in NE_state-0 and get -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 of the vote .
how ENT_amr-unknown-0 of that -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 right now be hardcore NE_person-0 support ?
inexplicably , he avoid an onslaught of attack over the last few week as the focus turn on NE_person-0 , but now -CONST--0 of the big question become about what NE_political-party-0 really think about the idea of NE_person-1 clean up in NE_state-0 and quite possibly everywhere else , too .
i think NE_state-0 be a test of ENT_amr-unknown-0 comfortable or not NE_political-party-0 be with NE_person-0 as the presumptive front @-@ runner .
i think that like NE_state-0 , he 'll hold on to the support in NE_state-1 he get last time .
so he 'll come down to earth a little bit but won't totally implode there .
everybody need to see the NE_state-0 speech .
NE_person-0 's be fiery and disgruntle .
he 's so much more interesting when he 's an attack dog and he be position himself now as want to be the fullback to NE_person-0 ; if he 's go down , he want to take romney with him , and in the meantime that 'll let NE_person-1 have a positive week and float above the fray .
NE_person-0 be leave NE_religious-group-0 country and go into a -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 catholic state .
between hard right establishment catholics there and that close to -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 undecided number , NE_person-0 should be able to get into double digit .
but ENT_amr-unknown-0 high do he go ?
i think if NE_person-0 come down to the low -CONST--0 's and it appear that NE_person-1 keep come up and can crack -CONST--1 ENT_percentage-entity-0 again , it 'll be another soft @-@ boil NE_person-2 non @-@ win win .
if NE_person-0 and NE_person-1 now represent the more traditional NE_political-party-0 establishment and be fight over that share in NE_state-0 , NE_person-2 and NE_person-3 be share the NE_political-party-1 vote .
will NE_person-0 be NE_state-0 's NE_person-1 ?
NE_person-0 appear ready to keep cruise around -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 and another top -CONST--1 finish .
NE_person-0 be totally insignificant and should have quit along with NE_person-1 .
NE_person-0 's ahead by an average of -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 .
that 's go to come down to earth , but ENT_amr-unknown-0 , and ENT_amr-unknown-1 much before it 's perceive that he 's fall and somebody else be rise ?
i think the threshold be that he need to win by -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 in order to gain any kind of traction as the front @-@ runner .
in NE_state-0 , my prediction ( actual result in parenthesis ) be pretty close :
NE_person-0 -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 ( -CONST--1 )
NE_person-0 -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 ( -CONST--1 )
NE_person-0 -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 ( -CONST--1 )
NE_person-0 -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 ( -CONST--1 )
NE_person-0 -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 ( -CONST--1 )
NE_person-0 -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 ( -CONST--1 )
that be with a day or so out .
this be more of a crapshoot at this point but here go .
NE_person-0 -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0
NE_person-0 -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0
NE_person-0 -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0
NE_person-0 -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0
NE_person-0 -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0
i 'm think it 's go to be NE_person-0 and NE_person-1 with a considerable lead , and NE_person-2 ENT_ordinal-entity-0 .
i would be distinctly and pleasantly surprise if NE_person-0 make the top -CONST--0 and absolutely tickle pink if he win , but -CONST--1 do n't see it happen .
NE_person-0 's go to have to get some notice at the debate to finish in the top -CONST--0 .
if the others be attack themselves like children , than maybe he can come up the middle and seem like the adult in the room and then nh will make a statement by elevate him to the anti @-@ NE_person-0 surge candidate in that NE_state-0 .
i feel like it 's go to be tough for him to break out .
you be probably right , NE_person-0 and NE_person-1 for sure , but once the light shine on NE_person-2 , the NE_state-0 voter be n't go to like what they see .
i still see -CONST--0 vote block , NE_person-0 , NE_person-1 and NE_person-2 .
NE_person-0 have n't have a turn be NE_person-1 yet , and he 's more appeal to NE_state-0 voter than NE_person-2 .
NE_person-0 by a big number , because he life in NE_state-0 in a palatial home on NE_lake-0 , and he 's be work on this primary for -CONST--0 year .
NE_person-0 because he 'll draw a lot of independent voter , and i think NE_person-1 be fade along with NE_person-2 .
this be all go down to ENT_amr-unknown-0 the anti @-@ NE_person-0 vote start to close the divide .
in the NE_university-0 poll for wednesday , it be NE_person-0 -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 and NE_person-1 -CONST--1 ENT_percentage-entity-1 .
today it 's a -CONST--0 @-@ day total now of -CONST--1 ENT_percentage-entity-0 to -CONST--2 ENT_percentage-entity-1 .
from a -CONST--0 point gap to a -CONST--1 point gap . now , if it 's -CONST--2 point after -CONST--3 day , but the -CONST--4 @-@ day total be -CONST--5 , that mean the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 @-@ day stand alone would be -CONST--6 to -CONST--7 , a -CONST--8 point gap .
meanwhile , NE_person-0 be down in the -CONST--0 @-@ day total back to single digit .
NE_person-0 's small bump so far have cost NE_person-1 the most .
watch for him to hit the double digit in the next couple poll .
NE_person-0 be sail with his strong -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 .
i think the video below from a NE_person-0 movie be one of the best piece that could be superimpose and run as a NE_person-1 ad .
i would love to see something like this run on national television .
it 's a preach to the choir ad .
it have no place on television because it do n't speak to the undecideds .
near the end you could replace the " NE_person-0 " chant with any other candidate and it would have the same effect .
there 's nothing in it that speak of NE_person-0 's view or intend policy .
lastly , negative ad be far more effective than positive one .
1940. and still be relevent today .
the ideal NE_person-0 espouse here , will never die , and only get push back , to arise again .
humanity can indeed be thankful for that , that we only go through stage of insanity , and have the chance of overcome that .
this should be an ad for NE_person-0 .
but he would have to cut his tie to the greedy .
his tie to the one behind the curtain , call the shot .
yet this thread be about NE_person-0 , so never mind .
i keep hear ton of people run off at the mouth about how dangerous NE_person-0 's foreign policy be and how they be out of touch with the real world .
the problem be that all the people who would be consider expert , and even NE_country-0 itself ( in regard to NE_country-1 ) , agree with NE_person-0 .
i 've be on -CONST--0 deployment and my job be an NE_language-0 linguist of -CONST--1 year .
i 'm fairly knowledgeable about how the culture work in that part of the world , as be many of the expert .
our interference do , indeed , cause more problem for us than what we be try to stop .
we support the rebel in NE_country-0 and it 's now be take over by radical .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 know ENT_amr-unknown-1 NE_country-0 be go to end up .
anyways , be all the expert kooky as well ?
i find that the judge be actually one of a few mainstream NE_political-party-0 that have a shred of honesty and actually understand what conservatism be .
if someone have only bomb the reactor in NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 , while the NE_country-2 and other country have prosecute and imprison all the traitor who leak nuclear weapon information and give the necessary technology to them...
the NE_country-0 be largely directly to blame for the proliferation of nuclear weapon through its " NE_program-0 .
but back on topic , if NE_person-0 be " kooky " then so be most other politician in any country on the planet .
and that be certainly true with most of our suppose ally .
NE_incident-0 be blowback from us stick our nose in business that be not our business .
with that say , i still want to kill anyone who be responsible in the plan , or anyone who shield these people .
no one in the right mind would think the attacker just do it for shit and giggle .
they think they have valid reason to attack us . and perhaps they do .
NE_country-0 be not perfect .
they be hope to wind us gravely by attack -CONST--0 financial system . a weak link in our chain .
they should have just save those life , because we allow bank to fuck our system up greater than NE_criminal-organization-0 could have ever do .
leave it up to us , to be our worst enemy .
i think that a lot of people automatically assume that anyone who say our foreign policy be why they be angry at us be also justify their response .
it be understandable they be upset , but neither NE_person-0 nor anyone else who be support him be say their response be in any way justify .
indiscriminately targeting women and children be cowardly and people who do that should be capture or kill .
i really be tire of hear that they hate us because -CONST--0 be free or because of -CONST--1 belief .
it would be like you build a shack in my backyard and every now and then one of my dog go miss , then when i get upset that it be there you say i be mad because you have NE_event-0 in your own house back on your property and i hate bacon ( which be clearly only a hypothetical as i love bacon ) .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 ? because expert do n't agree with him on his kooky policy stand , ENT_amr-unknown-1 be manifold :
*denounces the NE_law-0 infringe the free @-@ market right of a monolithic white establishment to immiserate black ;
*dabbles in gold buggery and advocate the elimination of the NE_government-organization-0 , apparently because the global economy work so well back in the era before central bank ( that 's call sarcasm ) ;
*suggests that the border fence be be build to keep NE_country-0 from leave the NE_country-1 ;
*claims that NE_program-0 and NE_program-1 be unconstitutional and should be dismantle ;
*mounts repeat warning that hyperinflation be right around the corner ( NE_person-0 , take a bow ) ;
*insists that global warm be a gigantic hoax ( yes , NE_person-0 know more about global climate science than NE_government-organization-0 ;
*hinted that maybe the NE_government-organization-0 help to coordinate the -CONST--0 @/@ -CONST--1 attack ;
*opposes ENT_government-organization-0 @-@ sponsor flu shot ;
*and allege that the NE_organization-0 want to confiscate our gun .
( list adapt from th be blog )
and this list do n't even get into all the racism and homophobia of his newsletter , which use his name , be sign by him and which raise -CONST--0 of dollar which he be happy to pocket but have be disavow by him now that they be a liability .
note that none of this list mention our relation with NE_country-0 .
there 's lot of kookiness without have to go there .
are you a communist ?
my friend and i walk into a pizza shop .
it be $ -CONST--0 a slice .
they have a special , a -CONST--0 @-@ slice for $ -CONST--1 .
if we both get -CONST--0 slice each , that would make it -CONST--1 slice at a total of $ -CONST--2 .
we be assure the slice in the -CONST--0 @-@ slice be the same size , so we get that .
we each pitch in $ -CONST--0 each ( which can n't even buy you -CONST--1 slice oddly enough ) and get -CONST--2 slice each , which we 've just polish off in fairly record time .
we pool our resource and struck the better deal for the both of us , and we actually make a joke about proud and full communist .
now we 're roll a joint from a bag of wee we each pitch in on in order to save money as well .
got our usual amount of wee each , but each pay $ -CONST--0 less because one of us do the transaction and buy -CONST--1 as much as usual for the individual .
if these thing make me a communist , than i 'll drink to that , but i just call it better business sense mostly .
real communism would be they could go get a pizza without pay at all , and the pizza guy could come by their auto @-@ part place to pick up a distributor cap without pay at all .
real communism only exist in NE_country-0 's kibbutz though .
the problem you be have NE_person-0 be that it be impossible for many people , and especially people in NE_country-0 , to conceive of cooperation and sacrifice without force behind it .
they be so lock into their little me @-@ centric universe that they can n't see cooperate with someone else unless someone make them .
seriously , i think the problem here be that a lot of people in the NE_country-0 , conservative especially , when they hear the word " communism " think of the NE_country-1 .
not only be the NE_country-0 not communist , it do n't even pretend to be .
the word refers in NE_philosophy-0 theory only to the end stage of social progress , what a socialist state and economy evolve into : a stateless utopia in which everything be share equally .
when communism be reach , -CONST--0 be no more , because socialism presume the existence of the state , and under communism there be no state .
the motto under socialism be " from each accord to his ability , to each accord to his work." under communism , it 's the more @-@ familiar , " from each accord to his ability , to each accord to his need ."
the NE_country-0 be socialist .
it never pretend to be communist , even though it be govern by something call the NE_political-party-0 .
communism be what they be in theory evolve towards , but certainly not what they already have .
communism be not a coercive system ; it 's the exact opposite .
neither the private coercion of capitalism , nor the state coercion of socialism be find in a communist society .
if it be possible to have a communist society , it would be a wonderful thing .
edit : i answer " no " to the poll , because although communism be a beautiful dream , i consider it no more than that .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 do you guy think about a NE_person-0 run for president in -CONST--0 .
though he 's kind of old , he be still sharp and incredibly intelligent - and consistent .
his vote record be very consistent and he do n't vote for any legislation that be n't expressly allow by the constitution .
given this , the grassroots support he have in -CONST--0 , and the fact that his message be very closely align with that of the NE_political-party-0 movement , do think he could head either a NE_political-party-1 ( or more likely ) NE_political-party-2 ticket .
i really think give NE_person-0 's astoundingly consistent message and vote record ( and reputation ) that he could mount a serious challenge to NE_person-1 . w
hat do you guy think ?
the role of leader of the free world be not well fill by an isolationist .
paul/palin , have a nice ring to it .
once again the NE_political-party-0 solution be a geriatric nut , only this time it 's a relgious fanatic instead of senile warmonger .
i wonder , will NE_person-0 be too old in 2016?
NE_person-0 won't be " too old " in -CONST--0 , but she will still be too NE_person-1 .
habemus NE_person-0 !
finally after day of intense political infight in NE_city-0 the new prime minister seem to be the biggest favourite for the job : NE_person-0 .
he be an ex @-@ NE_organization-0 vice president .
but foremost he be not a career politician as his profession be actually an academic -CONST--0 , partly in the NE_country-0 where he also study .
NE_person-0 seem to be well respect in the NE_organization-0 but also within NE_country-0 , as far as a greek prime minister could be respect in a country like NE_country-1 .
i be positively surprise about this choice .
at least someone take over who have an understand of economics in quite some detail and be not from the old political class .
i do n't think one could have hope for anything better than that .
on another note . there be rumors that NE_person-0 could become the next prime minister of NE_country-0 .
NE_person-0 , also dub " NE_alias-0 ", be a former NE_organization-0 commissioner and will still ring some bell NE_city-0 , simply because it be him who do not shy away from take a fight with an extreme heavyweight like NE_company-0 over anti @-@ trust issue .
( same go for company like NE_company-0 etc ) .
if both news would be true , this would make the dark horizon look a little less dark indeed .
these -CONST--0 men would be the best choice for their respective country in time like these in my humble opinion .
they know economics , have a reputation of be not involve in corruption , dare to do what they believe have to be do and be convince NE_continent-0 .
the ex head of the NE_organization-0 take over at the helm of the world 's most financially trouble country and you be " positively " surpised ?
personally i be hope for NE_person-0 , but obviously for different reason .
he be n't the head of the NE_organization-0 but one of the vice president , ie in the govern council of the NE_organization-1 . for all the shortcoming of the euro , i can n't see how the NE_organization-2 have do a bad job .
he seem to be a really clever guy , understand economics like few prime minister in the world probably , as he teach it in NE_university-0 i think .
NE_person-0 would have be a great choice .
well at least it would have make the newspaper look more interesting...
well , she 's not the most attractive woman in the world but for a politician there be n't many hot out there...
she must get lose in my post , what with the other women and all .
i think i have a thing for blonde women...
anyhow , so see as i can find myself talk positively about a socialist like this , be n't it your turn to talk about NE_person-0 like this in thread about the NE_political-party-0 ?
btw , i think give her experience in journalism and tv media , she would have do a good job relay the message of what the essential need of bailout measure be , to the NE_country-0 people .
she also be very respectful in her final day of dissent in the previous coallition , and do n't even call for him to resign .
that i can respect .
it 's a very good idea to have a former NE_organization-0 man in the job .
we have too many bureaucrat and lawyer and career politician in charge of economic matter .
it be good to see someone with economic experience .
i think i 'm one of those who like watch the NE_event-0 for all the new ad .
NE_person-0 be alright and NE_person-1 be pretty funny , but NE_person-2 's ad for NE_company-0 make them the winner -CONST--0 year in a row after NE_person-3 's wicked ad for them last year .
i believe NE_person-0 be speak from the heart , that 's why i think it 's such an amaze and curious ad since it look and feel so much like the kind of thing the NE_person-1 campaign would find favorable to them .
NE_person-0 be a lifelong moderate conservative .
fiscal conservative , social libertarian .
vote for NE_person-0 -CONST--0 because the man promise to end the war .
his ENT_ordinal-entity-0 vote be for NE_person-0 .
he endorse NE_person-0 last time out .
have n't endorse anyone in that field yet , but say he like NE_person-0 .
he say he would n't call himself a hardcore conservative or an extreme lefty .
from the stuff he be for and against in recent year , it paint a picture of the kind of voter that will decide the election , and i think NE_person-0 taps into that feel of want to make a comeback happen .
there 's something to be gain by this guy 's performance , a man of rugged self @-@ reliance who also take the time to acknowledge in the ad that " we all pull together ", his tip of that of course to the bailouts which he be supportive of .
the candidate who will win the election be the one who can tap into that emotion too .
great ad .
its half ENT_temporal-quantity-0 in NE_country-0 and beer cost more because alcohol tax increase , your so hapy to be here at the game instead of your crowd house ( it 's be pack since your brother @-@ inlaw lose his job and home ) , your credit card bill be go to be major after the game , NE_government-organization-0 will be investigate you because of a glitch in the facial i.d . software at the enterance , your job be be outsourced next wek , your team be lose -CONST--0 in endorsement , a major corporation pay -CONST--1 to sell their foreign made ware to you for justt a few second , and your car be be repoed in the lot .
we need voter that be n't sway by gimmicky corporate ad .
i love the ad till i see that it be for NE_company-0 . consider they be own by NE_company-1 , " import from NE_city-0 " be a good slogan .
still a good ad , no matter who make it .
love the NE_company-0 one too .
there be high expectation , consider all the price they win with the NE_person-0 one last year , but i think they manage to pull it off .
i do n't even know ENT_amr-unknown-0 a NE_car-make-0 be but after last night 's commercial i 'm buy -CONST--0 .
i have a hankering to send someone flower via NE_company-0 too .
all and all , i think it be a very down year for NE_game-0 commercial and i do n't even notice the NE_company-0 one .
it be a bit too political for my taste but i do n't really care if car company want to spend a fortune on NE_person-0 ad .
i 'm a happy camper as along as i 'm allow to cast my vote for who i think be the better candidate and make my ENT_temporal-quantity-0 political contribution of $ 0.00 to all campaign .
NE_person-0 be inspirational .
at one time the repubs would have think so as well .
but they have become infect , and be really sick .
emotionally and mentally sick than anyone have be in this nation in my lifetime .
they be not team player , they be so individualistic that it have become detrimental to the nation pull together , work together .
they have take individualism to a degree that it go against the evolution of one of the most social animal in the world , the human be .
and " share " be see by them as socialism .
it really be sad , in its most basic sense , because it hinder fix what their " every man be an island " philosophy that be tear apart the fabric of society .
forget NE_facility-0 , forge the gulags , the NE_conference-0 -CONST--0 open that NE_country-0 make the queen and various sundry head of state sit through be just plain evil .
i always assume these sort of thing be appal .
if the queen be n't turn up this would n't have much coverage here .
a bunch of foreign look folk all in -CONST--0 place only get coverage if a crime be commit ( they 'll get blame , even if they be the victim ) .
there have be a small amount of coverage of mr NE_person-0 's problem , but since the ENT_government-organization-0 be n't go to charge him wiht anything it go under the category of ' NE_person-1 bluster '.
do n't you wish duel be still legal .
it would solve so many problem .
imagine NE_person-0 challenge NE_person-1 to a duel at the NE_organization-0 .
and NE_person-0 will have NE_person-1 as his second .
oh , happy thought..
actyooally , if a debt of honor be to be solve , there be no problem with , behind the tank shed at 4 or behind the bike shed after school , fisticuffs gadzooks , or in politico , s circle , in the duty free binge drink bar in the NE_government-organization-0 .
i be hope for dueling between member of rival street gang .
i 'll even provide nice hollow point ammo for them to use .
or something like the NE_sports-facility-0 .
-CONST--0 men enter , -CONST--1 man leave .
NE_person-0 , part of the NE_trio-0 die yesterday after battle leukemia for many year .
i grow up listen to their music and get the chance to see them perform when i live in NE_state-0 .
i remember this group , and love some of their song .
it be in the -CONST--0 s .
NE_music-0 dragon...
i can never hear that song without imagine an NE_gunship-0 or NE_gunship-1 @-@ 130 type NE_gunship-2 lazily swing around in a constant circle , with sci @-@ fi lasergun @-@ look tracer pour out like evil glow rain...
no wonder those grade school psychiatrist be baffle .
hey folk @- i just find out that NE_person-0 have an apparently small fire at her house this morning .
i just talk to her and she 's home and physically fine and deal with the immediate aftermath so be too busy to talk .
-CONST--0 do n't know when she 'll have or use internet access in the next couple of day , but for those folk wonder who they could wish well this week , you now have a target .
that poor girl have bust her ass fix up her house and install a new heater and wood stove for the last -CONST--0 month and probably longer .
that really suck ! :(
i hope she be ok and the house be still livable in especially since she encounter very cold weather and consider where she life and all .
thank NE_person-0 for let us know and -CONST--0 do tell her be think about her.:(
personally , i think they should peg it to inflation so that the pension have the same general purchase power over time , but i know that economically it would be a disaster as people be live more and more into their older year , far past when people would traditionally die .
the retirement age have not increase , but the amount of ENT_temporal-quantity-0 on retirement have .
eventually , the military will do away with retirement benefit , or at least certain aspect of them .
it be not the NE_country-0 alone .
ask me .
that be life .
they use you and then discard you !
soon one understand that , one shall remain happy .
i be happy !
yet if the govt do away with retirement benefit the world over , there will be peace .
none will serve !
NE_military-0 , you have me worry there for -CONST--0 minute as " they should peg it " mean to die .
service pension be " peg " to inflation but usually cap to -CONST--0 %ish per annum , not much more .
servicemen should be recieving..service pension and state pension and if they be lucky a work pension .
time be hard and the forecast for the near future do not look too rosy .
the retirement age in the NE_country-0 be due to rise in the future , at the moment retirement be -CONST--0 and ENT_government-organization-0 want to raise it to -CONST--1 .
i must say i also have little sympathy in this case .
assume h retire out of choice and be not wound , then it really be your own responsibility to handle your finance in my opinion .
the force be just a job like any other after all .
this very thing be drive home during my ENT_ordinal-entity-0 retirement class .
in the NE_military-0 you be require to attend the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 day of -CONST--0 week long retirement seminar .
the other day be optional .
but your choice not your unit .
around the middle of the day , the leader of the seminar start ask us if we be come back the next day .
about -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 ( almost all combat arm guy ) say " no , we have thing we need to do at our unit ."
he say you all spent at least -CONST--0 yrs do thing for the corps . now take -CONST--1 week for yourself and be inform before you retire .
if any of you think that someone from headquarters NE_military-0 care about you once they kick you out the door talk to a retiree .
no one from NE_military-0 will call you to see how thing be go .
no -CONST--0 will call you -CONST--1 ENT_temporal-quantity-0 later to see if you have a job yet or if there be anything they can help you with .
and you know ENT_amr-unknown-0 ?
no one ever do in an official capacity .
the only thing i ever get from them be a " we want you to come back on active duty as a full time reservist ."
you will have to give up your retirement and disability payment .
once we be do with you the retirement check won't start again until your -CONST--0 since you will be consider a reservist .
and you will have to start over from square -CONST--0 with the NE_government-organization-0 .
the NE_military-0 need you , do n't let us down ."
i have better thing to do .
i think i let them down .
all aboard be report safe .
aircraft drop in an apparent decompression state with passenger on oxygen from 40k in a controlled dive .
cause of the hole be unknown , aircraft be not old , be deliver in -CONST--0 .
i 'm sure that it must have be alarm for all concern .
the hole be enormous .
i fly out of NE_city-0 last week .
:( that could have very well be me !
despite now perform maintenance overseas , as NE_person-0 say in NE_work-of-art-0 , the only airline not to have have a crash ( jet aircraft that be )
and i have -CONST--0 client who work for NE_company-0 , -CONST--1 a NE_aircraft-0 long haul pilot , the other a aircraft engineer .
let me open with a brief reminder ( or history lesson ) of -CONST--0 of the reason -CONST--1 start watch this show :
now that be funny .
NE_person-0 be funny...
" NE_broadcast-program-0 " back then have ' ass @-@ kick ' interviews...
oh , yeah , and " NE_broadcast-program-0 " ( a wholy own subsidiary of NE_company-0 industries...)
now we have a sit vice @-@ president appear on this show...
grant , a new host ( and grant the -CONST--0 clip be n't from the original " NE_broadcast-program-0 ") but this be a news show ?
i 'd put in the NE_person-0 clip , only ' twasn't to be find on the intar @-@ tubes... how droll...
anyhow , ENT_amr-unknown-0 do the " NE_broadcast-program-0 " become such an institution of news that sit head of state would appear on such a thing ?
i guess it get gravity when lot of young kid start watch .
but you have to realize , NE_person-0 go on NE_broadcast-program-0 , NE_person-1 and NE_person-2 have be on NE_broadcast-program-1 , and every NE_political-party-0 candidate for governor go on NE_broadcast-program-2 .
NE_broadcast-program-0 be fun and very successful .
put pay to the whole o reilly fox crap that no one watch liberal .
NE_person-0 have a great job...he can give absolute free range to his opinion without any restriction that the regular news show have .
it 's no more a news show than NE_broadcast-program-0 , NE_broadcast-program-1 , NE_broadcast-program-2 etc.
it 's a comedy show that have some commentary , NE_person-0 would be the last one to say it 's news .
if anyone be use this a real source of news , they need to get out more .
but still , he make me laugh and most of the time i think he have good point to be consider .
i know this clip be older , but i think he hit the nail on the head regard most of the commentary show .
it 's supposedly news satire , though amusingly it 's almost just as informative if not more than the actual news show run these day .
obviously NE_person-0 have some political message of his own thrown in .
similar show appear in other country as people get sick of how every news talk show end up be either a pure propaganda 's machine for -CONST--0 particular side or a bicker debate that do n't make sense to anyone .
NE_country-0 have a version , though it use actor to cast as famous figure ( start mostly with political figure , but eventually end up with pretty much all sort of famous figure ) and they pretend to debate on a serious topic .
thursday there will be a vote on net neutrality...
ENT_amr-unknown-0 do you feel about the NE_government-organization-0 get their hand on the internet ?
personally i have enjoy the only place for actual free speech...
do you want your internet censor ?
over my dead body ! !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! !!!!!!1
keep ENT_government-organization-0 away from the internet .
just read the actual law and the analysis .
this law be n't what it seem to be .
are they ever ?
the -CONST--0 rule of lawmaking be give the bill a name that be exactly the opposite of what it really do .
an emerge issue , ENT_amr-unknown-0 concern be you over drug violence in NE_country-0 ?
what potential do you see for drug violence to spill over more into the NE_country-0 ?
do you believe it to be enough of a threat that necessitate the NE_country-0 to take more action to do something about it , and if so , ENT_amr-unknown-0 action should that be ? ( e.g . border fence/wall , train for the NE_country-1 police/military , monetary aid to the NE_country-2 ENT_government-organization-0 , etc.)
this poll be intend for NE_country-0 .
the drug violence in NE_country-0 start when the mexican president decide to " get tough " on the drug cartel .
guess ENT_amr-unknown-0 ?
they fight back .
just like the futile war on drug in the NE_country-0 , the drug war in NE_country-1 will have no greater success .
fight a war you can n't win be not noble .
it 's stupid .
stop fight the war on drug and the violence will go down .
we need to get the ENT_government-organization-0 out of the prohibition game once and for all .
legalize it , regulate it , and control it ( and tax it , too ! ) .
these drug killings be no different than NE_person-0 kill people during alcohol prohibition .
once drug deal ( aka beer , wine , and liquor sale ) become legal and regulate , murder in NE_country-0 drop dramatically .
plus we stop lock people up because they want to get drunk .
there 's more about this on my NE_blog-01-0 .
recently i learn about NE_person-0 's service plan , yeah may be late but better than never , and this be bother me .
accord to his website and other source -CONST--0 understand NE_person-0 's might mandate -CONST--1 hour of service per year when in college in exchange to $ -CONST--2 of tuition credit .
to add this his chief of staff NE_person-0 have confirm on -CONST--0 th nov to draft a plan in this regard .
further the follow be a quote form NE_person-0 's NE_book-0 ,
if they be just to be " ask ", then it sound like a great deal .
though if it be , i see zero reason to limit it to college student age -CONST--0 - 25. if it 's require it 's nothing more than a civil service draft , slavery .
might as well be forcing ' em to work the cotton...
either way , good luck get a bunch of drunk @/@ stone college kid to add that workload to their college and job workloads .
as long as their just ask
imo its a fair price to pay .
this come from someone that foot their own college tuition , no mommy and daddy allowences , no grant or anything else .
and it will keep them out of trouble and teach them some thing as well .
imo a good call and for some perhaps a way to look at thing in a much better perspective .
awesome , $ 40/hr , that 's more than what -CONST--0 make .
let ' see... -CONST--0 hour of service for $ -CONST--1 credit .
so for a -CONST--0 $ bailout , someone owe -CONST--1 hour ?
thats if they do not mandate... but if mandate... that 's communism... that the -CONST--0 step....
i think it be an excellent idea , people should be make aware of what to do in a crisis .
far to many people around the world today always expect someone to be there when a disaster strike , especially natural disaster .
here in NE_country-0 everyone be teach how to cope and survive for up to at least -CONST--0 day without assistance from outside .
i realize he be not in office yet...
day -CONST--0 .
NE_country-0 to move missile to NE_world-region-0 .
he 's already be test .
i 'm sure the NE_country-0 want to gauge his reaction .
i cannot help but recall the age old expression that youth and enthusiasim be no match against wisdom and treachery .
NE_person-0 get some clout as be the president elect of the NE_country-0 but i shudder when he go up against NE_person-1 .
was there a specific strike that stand out ?
ENT_amr-unknown-0 be NE_person-0 do -CONST--0 @-@ 2003?
NE_person-0 will have to do something over the top like the -CONST--0 previous president before him do .
this savagery seem to be a requirement to prove one have the mettle to be " tough ."
nevermind that really be tough be work out a solution that do n't require bloodshed .
negotiate an end to NE_organization-0 sanction with the NE_country-0 , NE_country-1 and NE_country-2 .
as far NE_person-0 be concern , i would rather wait for his cabinet appointees...
to make bold prediction on what NE_person-0 will do as president or what he will fail to do as president , one must wait to see who be the all the player .
would NE_person-0 have invade NE_country-0 if it be not for the gang of -CONST--0 ( NE_person-1 , NE_person-2 and NE_person-3 )?..
probably not , and probably NE_person-0 would have still be run the war in NE_country-0 as least have some influence there .
never mine , but a classic example of how " power corrupt and absolute power corrupt absolutely "
then , you be consistent with your view , and there be merit in that .
perhapes , others from the other side of the aisle be only seek consistency , as well .
i give you an explanation as to why he do what he do ( in part thank to us ) .
as an anti @-@ war person , of course what he do be horrible .
i would put it akin to napalm or cluster bomb .
the innocent be murder in a savage manner .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 do the NE_country-0 need -CONST--0 aircraft carrier ?
we do n't .
that 's why we only have -CONST--0 .
smart @-@ arse .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 do the NE_country-0 have -CONST--0 carrier .
because -CONST--0 be not enough ?
ENT_amr-unknown-0 else can you muscle in on someone else 's turf ?
park a few carrier off the coast and make sure the despot do n't stray too far from the " NE_country-0 interest " angle .
you forget we also have -CONST--0 amphib carrier .
each one be as capable as any other carrier in the world . )
so it be in the paper today that the NE_family-0 and the NE_family-1 have meet up at the NE_facility-0 for a get together .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 do that go i want to know ?
do NE_person-0 around and whisper thing to NE_person-1 like " see that security guard there ? thats NE_person-2 .
do not make him mad ! !",
" careful this floor board squeaks...cant sneak in late down this hallway "
or " theres a secret to get this door lock , see you have to push on the door while pull upward ."
do the bushs show them around ?
are they just give a map and let loose ?
can they decorate however they want ?
let say NE_person-0 want teal shag carpet in the oval office....can he do that ?
could NE_person-0 have the hallway paint neon orange if she want ?
do the kid get to pick their own room ?
will they have to share a bathroom ?
will they have to use a computer in the main live area so they be not accessing naughty thing on the internet ?
be the internet there block ?
could the obamas even access porn on the internet if they want ?
can the secret service hear thing from the outside of the door they be guard ?
ENT_amr-unknown-0 if the obamas just have a personality conflict with a maid or something ?
can they just fire them at will and have a new one sent over ?
could they keep a pet giraffe on the ground if they want to ?
if they want to get rid of the bowl alley and put in a discoteque could they do it ?
do they have to put a " do not disturb " sign on their bedroom door , or can they just lock it when they want some undisturbed time ?
and do the secret service knock and wait for an answer or just go charge into the bedrooms/bathrooms .
i wonder if they have ever " walk in " on a president .
there be this really nice site on the NE_government-organization-0
very detail info and picture of most of the important room , span several era .
i think this show that pretty much every president can do any design thing they want with both the residence and the office wing
good question .
i too would love to know the answer .
i hope someone can help !
as per NE_broadcast-program-0 , the incoming first family get $ -CONST--0 to do any change to their live quarter of about -CONST--1 room .
also , any change that they can do be after consultation with historian , since ostensibly any change they would do would become a part of the nation 's history
that do not seem much , especially after consider the extensive change some previous president do .
not that i be complain ; thats my tax dollar that 's fund those lavender curtain
look like the NE_publication-0 have already start hedge its bet for a possible defeat .
i be surprise at this .
surely this be not the time to write down your won candidate
also , i do n't agree with the tone of the article that NE_person-0 's principled position be cost his this election .
do you think far right party like the NE_political-party-0 in the NE_country-0 should be accept as represent a decent part of society or should they be view as hate fill bigot ?
many work class NE_country-0 feel that the NE_country-1 be no long NE_country-2 due to too many immigrant .
be it racist to think this if you live in an area with more ethnics then brits like inner NE_city-0 ?
ENT_amr-unknown-0 do others think ?
do far right party deserve more respect or will they always be see as bigot .
yes it be .
in order to afford to stay in inner NE_city-0 , a person , probably along with his family , have to have a monthly income that support this .
in order to do that a ethnic , have to have a stable job and thus already prove himself worthy . / rant over .
generally speak the work @-@ class in a nation have negative view of immigrant because they 're at the economic margin and view immigrant as competition for scarce opportunity .
i do n't see anything wrong with the long @-@ term concern on immigration that many in the NE_country-0 may hold , but reform can be carry out through the mainstream party in NE_country-1 without have to resort to a racist @/@ fascist party .
if you 're concern about immigration from the NE_organization-0 , then withdraw from the NE_organization-1 .
it 's a racist @/@ fascist party .
it may have moderate its tune , but that 's what it be at -CONST--0 core .
fail coup have lead to this trial with NE_person-0 , NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 ENT_government-organization-0 's finger .
go to be lot of fun on this one .
accord to mannn the boss be NE_person-0 and an ex @-@ NE_country-0 member of the cabinet .
guy this one be go to cause beeeg problem for a few of the fatcats .
not many arm dealer pay for helicopter for the " poor of NE_continent-0 "
be it guilty conscience ?
will we ever find out the whole truth ?
i doubt it very much
i do remember NE_person-0 fly out and pull every string she could to get him this . consider NE_person-1 get -CONST--0 year and NE_person-2 won't see much less she save his life .
thank NE_person-0 for the NE_country-0
we have all see the stereotype the frenchman defeat by germans in NE_war-0 ungrateful to the heroic american who have their back in ww2 or the snobby french people whole ignore tourist who speak NE_language-0
but NE_country-0 be the NE_world-region-0 contradiction of the NE_world-region-1 prejudice view
NE_country-0 maybe a white NE_continent-0 ex @-@ colonial NE_world-region-0 democracy but by no mean be they right behind NE_country-1 or NE_country-2
when it come to do of think time and time again NE_country-0 have should the world
not all NE_world-region-0 nation be the follower of NE_country-0 as its be widely perceive
and i dont think the french will be demand that the chinese govt suppress the demonstration we have hear of in NE_country-0
after all the chinese people be do what tibetan monk and exile be fight for to do in tibet - freedom to protest
( though i must say the attack on NE_ethnic-group-0 people have take a bit of credibility from the tibetan monk )
you know there be -CONST--0 job -CONST--1 do n't want this summer and that be the NE_thing-0 .
rumour be now that NE_world-region-0 visitor be plan to protest during the olympics and consider the reaction today , we can expect a hell of a lot of kung fu .
that would be extremely distract when you 're on the look out for car bomb and NE_product-0 @-@ 47s .
did the NE_country-0 police state let NE_world-region-0 media see what be actually happen unlike in NE_province-0 ?
when rally happen in communist state they be rarely not state support activity
yay for the french...at least -CONST--0 NE_world-region-0 democracy oppose communist police state still .
the NE_country-0 be mostly only buy unlicensed copyright infringe copy of name brand french goods anyway .
if they stop buy american dvds it would only mean license one .
go on NE_product-0 they even sell the knock offs to us .
the uhygurs be mostly moslem and an ethnic minority in NE_country-region-0 with no self determination rule by a communist police state .
because some have join extremist group do not de @-@ legitmize the plight of an entire people .
i do n't under stand the problem people have with what be say by NE_person-0 .
in the NE_country-0 we have think communist regime be thug and goon since NE_person-0 in the -CONST--0 s right ?
i think those ok with the chinese police state be really ok with the $ to be make there and they be never concern about freedom only the spread of market capitalism .
the NE_country-0 be brilliant in adopt large scale no regulation market capitalism thereby co @-@ opting so many NE_country-1 who place capitalism and profit motive above a belief in democracy and freedom .
we really need to get out of bed with tyranny if we support freedom in the NE_country-0
or rather they do n't know ENT_amr-unknown-0 to use it .
the individual NE_province-0 have far more clout than the average NE_ethnic-group-0 .
the number of poster here tout how good the NE_province-0 have it be testament to that .
the problem be that the majority of NE_province-0 be nowhere near the centre where that clout could benefit them .
they be in their little village .
yes , you may get ENT_ordinal-entity-0 seat at NE_university-0 with far lower grades...
but you still have to study and go to NE_city-0 1 st .
if you 're stuck in your village , you 're sol .
the other major problem be that because that very few NE_country-0 citizen who be knowledgeable enough to challenge the municipal ENT_government-organization-0 be nowhere near the NE_province-0 .
even if the tibetans want to sue , they do n't know how and that open up to corruption and abuse since they know the tibetans won't take them to court over it .
i will be attend a meet with the NE_event-0 committee .
we have a parade on or about NE_event-0 in -CONST--0 down NE_road-0 in NE_city-district-0 .
we have be do this for several year now and have have many vary entrant include NE_country-0 prancer horse , re @-@ enactors in various uniform ( include ww NE_war-0 and ww NE_war-1 NE_country-1 ) , cavalry unit of various country ( the ww NE_war-2 NE_country-2 cavalry " man " be actually a pretty girl use the helmet to hide her hair ) .
we have a problem last year in that a NE_group-0 want to be part of our parade but we keep them out with the excuse that they only suddenly show up and do not apply to be a unit .
this year we be be " ask " to include an anti @-@ war unit in the parade make up mostly of people protest the war in NE_country-0 .
any idea on this ?
besides the initial mistrust of " not believeing " they will not disrupt the parade , unless they be willing to sign a document state they will honour the one who give the ultimate sacrifice , and give thank to the one who be currently fight to ensure they " can have an opinion " and not in anyway disrupt the parade....then i would say no they cannot join the parade.......
if they will sign say socument then welcome to the parade .
i would guess both group want to politicise the event , which be after all to honour veteran , not make a political statement .
if they want a political rally , they can organise their own ,
if they want to participate as veteran then nobody 's stop them from parade with their unit .
if they be n't vet , it 's not their right to parade .
with the trouble in the world economy , and the pound rapidly lose value against the euro , be it time for the NE_country-0 to adopt the euro ?
ENT_amr-unknown-0 be the advantage of NE_country-0 adopt the euro , and ENT_amr-unknown-1 be the disadvantage ?
have the advantage or disadvantage change with the current financial crisis ?
it 'll cost a lot to do it which would not be advisable at the current time with the economic situation not look rosy ,
besides the people here would not stand for such a move .
so even if it make sense it would be political suicide to try and do it .
i just can n't imagine sit in a restraunt and order a human steak !
i 'm not even sure this url thing be gonna work but it 's a story about scientist grow meat in a vat ( stem cell research ) .
from NE_company-0 science news friday -CONST--0 @/@ -CONST--1 @/@ 09 .
what do you think about this article/ if the url works... let me know .
vat grow meat instead of factory farm chicken/pork/beef ?
no more e.coli , NE_disease-0 , anthrax or NE_disease-1 to worry about .
seem like a good idea to me .
whats not to like ?
friend of mine in NE_country-0 have a whole cookbook full of recipe for long pig .
hell , -CONST--0 'd try anything -CONST--1 , but if -CONST--2 change my mind , bet NE_person-0 would be right there with a fork and a knife !
on this the -CONST--0 th anniversary of the attack on NE_location-0 , we remember all those that be still entomb there and their shipmate !
we be here because they be there !
it seem as each year go by , more and more lesson of history be forget !
our fearless leader 's children 's private school be observe the day by serve NE_country-0 food for lunch !
the NE_country-0 be observe this day as well by tell everyone that it never happen or we make them attack us because we would n't give them thing .
if you ever get the chance to to watch the documentary about NE_city-0 and the other NE_country-0 atrocity during wwii you will be shock to find a picture take of a NE_country-1 private bayonet a civilian and the interview with that very private say he do n't do it as do many of the NE_country-2 soldier who do thing like this .
sorry , no love lose for the NE_country-0 .
the NE_ship-0 be due to arrive yesterday however she be hold off an additional day due to high wind in the area and will arrive today at the inactive ship reserve at the former NE_facility-0 where she will reside for the next -CONST--0 year in mothball .
-CONST--0 year of service to the NE_military-0 .
now it be only a matter of time before NE_ship-0 retire and bring to an end the era of steam power NE_ship-1 's in the NE_military-0 .
they need to sell her for scrap and get rid of that float wreck .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 waste money maintain a ship that be in such bad shape , she could n't conduct air op before they decommissioned her ?
curious in part about how so many of the carrier get to be in . " poor material condition "
i 'm just confuse about the posibility of this happen can someone explain it to me ?
secondly wow have scrap and break gotten to be so expensive that its consider better @/@ more cost effective to do a sink @-@ ex wierd .
thats a massive amount of proccessed metal .
as more and more ship be build , the scrappers have more and more ship to scrap .
simply put , the scrappers be fall behind .
shipyard appear as manufacture plant ,
scrappers appear as junk yard .
plus there be glory in build wonderful ship , there be no glory tear the ship apart .
special occasion such as keel lay , ship christen , and commission ceremony deal with shipbuilding , no ceremony for scrap .
when you go to a store to buy a new shiny mop bucket , you feel happy to do so .
you feel lucky when you receive a new shiny roll of penny from the bank , you frown when its the old rusty roll of penny .
when you discard the rusty old mop bucket , you do n't feel sorry to do so . its people orient too .
since carrier cost so much , they be keep in service long .
many be of the age of old monochrome television set , or in the early day of color television set , you know the one without remote control .
you would n't think of buy a television without remote control today .
they be so old , they do n't make them any more .
with the carrier , they receive their mid @-@ life refit upgrade their electronics and electrical motor .
they have also receive their service life extension programs too , upgrade or replace their larger machinery component .
how ENT_amr-unknown-0 of us still have a -CONST--0 s vintage refrigerator , washer and dryer , dishwasher , television , automobile , hot water tank , range and oven , etc.
NE_country-0 offer warship to NE_country-1 for ENT_ordinal-entity-0 time
interest in that the NE_military-0 be plan to prematurely decommission its mhc 51 osprey class mine @-@ hunt NE_ship-0 .
as regard amphibious ship the NE_military-0 want desperately to decommission its steam @-@ power NE_ship-0 class ( NE_ship-1 will actually be decommissioned this fall ) .
these ship will soon start turn -CONST--0 year old with no NE_product-0 .
it be also say they have age much quicker than anticipate .
the NE_military-0 pour a ton of money into the NE_class-0 ship to keep them go for -CONST--0 year ( in some case it will be -CONST--1 plus ) w/o a NE_product-0 .
they dont want to repeat the experience .
eventually thsi may leave only -CONST--0 NE_class-0 ship until and if lha( r ) NE_class-1 ship get build .
also the NE_ship-0 class will be trucated at -CONST--0 ship imho( some say -CONST--1 others -CONST--2 and -CONST--3 have already be name ) .
this would also open up the possibility of prematurely decommissioning ship as many as -CONST--0 NE_class-0 ship now turn -CONST--1 year old .
sell -CONST--0 NE_class-0 ( plus grant -CONST--1 others as spare hulk ) and -CONST--2 NE_class-1 ship to NE_country-0 be intrigue imho .
this would give NE_country-0 a ready @-@ make credible amphibious force for very little cost .
with the demise of the battleship almost a certainty and only a handful , if any , of the NE_class-0 ship to be built( plus the truncate NE_ship-0 program ) the NE_military-0 be poise to cut its amphibious force by -CONST--0 @/@ -CONST--1 .
the NE_military-0 be also attempt to fast @-@ track its seabasing platform which theoretically would make @-@ up for the draw @-@ down in legacy amphibious warfare platform .
more on that sometime in the future .
just my analysis of the situation based on what be available from open source .
it be a good start because it add a whole dimension to the indian arm forces....
can land force through these transport anywhere in the NE_ocean-0 ocean...
yeah , but i dont think it make that much of a difference...since we already have plenty of large land ships...which we can manufacture indiginously if necessary .
the land ship be something we can do without .
it be a very old decrepit ship that need a huge major overhaul to bring it up to today 's standard .
NE_country-0 would be better off buy a new ship with that kind of money .
NE_country-0 is buy NE_ship-0 ( lpd @-@ 14 ) .
not because of its war make capability .
but to move humanetarian aid in asian region like in case of tsunami .
NE_military-0 do not have big transport ship like NE_ship-0 which can land material on sea beach etc.
it only have magars NE_class-0 land ship . so if NE_military-0 get this ship , then i think it be ok .
at least it will get a cheap ship for do mostly humaneterian work .
war make will be secondary work for this ship .
and this is the only reason that americans have suddenly agree to supply NE_country-0 this particular ship .
regard agis radars .
it be a seperate item .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 be you discuss it on this thread .
ENT_ordinal-entity-0 let us buy this ship , then we can discuss others .
this be what happen when you take shipboard safety for grant .
tank be always dangerous .
ive be in many and hate every second of it .
i get deride and laugh at alot for the seemingly overcaustiousness i always undertake .
people die if you dont .
i prefer not to die thisway.:
tank be very dangerous place .
we be always teach in first aid @/@ rescue never to enter a tank if there be someone unconsious inside...
cause you would be next .
unnecessary tragedy .
-CONST--0 read a story relate to the clean trychlrothylene use to clean a tank in the rn back inthe 70 s , the guy be around it too long that his mylenin ( the fatty cover around the spine ) be eat away by it and he go bonkers for a few hour and then die .
hell you have to take alot of caution when you be work in closed area with noxious fume , even build model you can get mess up off the paint if you dont have an open window .
yank out , bomber in , -CONST--0 bomb , -CONST--1 kill , control battle start , sunnis v shites , -CONST--2 of dollar @/@ pound spend , life lose , for what , for sweet fuck all that 's what ,
NE_country-0 force have no chance of control ,
NE_country-0 be gonna get worse now than before the NE_world-region-0 try to make it better
the innocent be gonna suffer just like before .
let get out of ag as well leave the village tribal idiot to it .
if push come to shove , slash n burn , waste no more life n cash on useless campaign 's . imo
do this surprise anyone ? exclude our glorious leader of course
imo , the NE_country-0 's screw themselves by give into the sadrists and others .
as mention before the NE_country-0 should have punch his ticket and his army of idots before depart NE_country-1 .
once again politics interviened and spare their sorry ass .
this be what they get in return for that stupid decision .
the large " gray area " know no boundries . and once you let religion into politics instead of keep them seperate the black and white disappear depending upon who you be and only gray exist .
a very dismal commentary .
there be no doubt that repeat deployment in the combat zone do wear out individual . it do lead to whole lot of man management and domestic problem .
and it do create innumerable problem for the govt which ENT_government-organization-0 maintain its aim and deliver .
a catch 22 situation .
that the troop be still manage speak very highly of their dedication and patriotism and they should be commend .
to overcome this problem , -CONST--0 way could be draft .
but that would be a political suicide .
also , a draft will not guarantee that the soldier would be better .
in fact , many misfit would be in , lead to greater problem as be see in NE_country-0 .
-CONST--0 of the solution be to have a volunteer force of all nationality like the NE_military-0 ( be discuss elsewhere in the forum ) .
all say and done , a difficult situation indeed , but the national aim cannot be forsake !
it 's just one person 's point @-@ of @-@ view , but from ENT_amr-unknown-0 i can tell , there 's lot of fight leave in these guy .
-CONST--0 'm around NE_government-organization-0 's warrior all day every day , and -CONST--1 can tell you that they do n't seem tire and worn out to me .
-CONST--0 stat -CONST--1 keep see thrown around be the approval @/@ disapproval rate of ENT_amr-unknown-0 the war be be conduct .
but if only -CONST--0 of the troop like the way we 're go about the business of win in NE_country-0 , that do not necessarily mean they 've lose faith in the mission .
hell , as for myself , i 'm not crazy about ENT_amr-unknown-0 we 're proceed , either .
but that do n't mean i do n't believe in the mission .
far from it - i want to go at the job hard . i want to win .
i want the surge to be big , soon , and to last as long as it take to win .
so , although it 's only my perspective here and back by absolutely no number , stats or fact other than what i know from personal observation , i simply do not see the impending crash come .
what i can tell you that i do see be a frustrate will to victory , and a sense that our leader and people be not as commit as we be .
NE_person-0 , this repeat turnover and its effect i understand to some degree since we ( NE_military-0 infantry unit ) be always back in the ci grid after every -CONST--0 year .
if we be send without this break , i be sure we would have get really feed up .
as it be , we have start have problem inspite of this -CONST--0 year layover in peace station , since the standard of live have go up and our troop be get urbanised and soft .
we also have the advantage that we be from the same unit for life in most case and so the cohesiveness be more and we know each other well .
i believe in the NE_military-0 , soldier can be post to any unit .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 be the time gap between turn over for NE_country-0 ?
you 'd have to work around them to truly understand what i mean .
otherwise , i just do n't think you 'd really be able to see it the way i do .
in my job , i work with all the inter @-@ agency player , and i never experience the kind of inertia and drag with anybody else .
this be absolutely the truth : the NE_government-organization-0 wonks down here do not want to be associate with the word ' kill ', as in my branch 's mission of ' capture or kill enemy high @-@ value individual '.
that 's what we attempt to do ; that 's what they want no part of .
and you 'd have to be here to know ENT_amr-unknown-0 it be to be frustrate and impede by people that vehemently object to your very existence .
i wish i could express it in a way that you would know what i mean .
( you probably think i 'm just impatient with bureaucracy , which i be , or that it 's a squabble about method , and there 's certainly those , too .
but it 's more than that.)
then , i think , you would not think it too strident to say they have an antipathy toward an NE_country-0 victory .
NE_person-0 , i have n't work inter @-@ agency , so i trust you know best .
however , in their defense , i would like to mention that
1. the pinstripers have n't be exactly beloved or respect by the NE_person-0 ENT_government-organization-0 .
some of this be fair ( NE_government-organization-0 be all but ignore in -CONST--0 ) , some of this be not ( bureaucratic irritation at the initiative kick them out of comfortable perch and into NE_war-0 hotspots ) .
2. NE_government-organization-0 have get plenty of ex @-@ military , and there 's enormous pressure to get more .
i trust that i break no state secret by tell you that if you head over to NE_facility-0 , you will see a lot of -CONST--0 @-@ somethings and lot of -CONST--1 @-@ year old senior staff , and not much in between . the lack of a middle be really make ' em push for ex @-@ military to fill that .
i can assure you that patriotism be high up on their value , more so than ever .
i 'll try to explain my perspective on all this .
it might ramble at time .
i be for the war , still be if it could be fight properly , but it can n't be .
NE_person-0 's goal be a NE_country-0 , with a ENT_government-organization-0 gov't that can police the country and be an NE_country-1 ally in the NE_war-0 .
this will not happen .
my knowledge be all ENT_ordinal-entity-0 hand , but that 's all i have to go on .
i 'm see a picture of a nation of subhuman savage .
did anyone ever bother to ask ENT_amr-unknown-0 NE_person-0 do the thing he be hang for ?
we 're see the answer to that question .
these people need a dictator who 's willing to use mass murder when they step out of line .
unfortunately we be n't prepare to use similar tactic , so this war be unwinnable .
if it be up to me , everytime an ied go off we 'd get our people out , draw a circle on a map with at least a 500m radius around the point of the blast , and turn that area into a smoke crater .
and i do n't care if there 's a school full of kid there with class in session .
do that a few time and these " people " might start to behave better .
we can surge troop all we want , but if the level of cruelty do n't increase it will all be pointless .
that 's the only thing they understand .
i can n't believe i be stupid enough to buy all the tripe about what NE_country-0 could become if we just remove the dictator .
i also have some problem with NE_person-0 that i do n't have when i vote for him , based on his piss poor performance .
he 's recently change policy to go after the NE_country-0 agent that be supply the militia .
we 've see story that the NE_government-organization-0 have be track these NE_country-0 for over -CONST--0 year .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 change now ?
ENT_amr-unknown-0 do n't we whack them as soon as they were identify ? ??
ENT_amr-unknown-0 NE_country-0 be dead or maim because NE_person-0 be play some diplomatic footsy game with NE_country-1 ?
there be -CONST--0 of our border agent in prison for do their job , and -CONST--1 marine sit in jail in NE_city-0 for hit the wrong house after they be attack in NE_city-1 .
NE_person-0 have n't lift a finger to help either of those group of men , and that 's why imo NE_person-1 have show himself to be nothing but an honorless pig .
can someone talk me out of this ?
because it 's look pretty damn bleak to me .
ieds : the lazy man 's insurgency
it 's time to take another look at NE_country-0 , because there 's be a big change in insurgent tactic in 2005. that 's inevitable . war make people on both side think faster . peacetime army never learn anything ; wartime army learn new trick faster than a hungry raccoon .
the big change be that the insurgent have decide to rely on ieds rather than ambush with shoulder @-@ fire weapon to kill the -CONST--0 or -CONST--1 gis per day they figure they need to wear down the NE_country-0 public 's will to stay in the fight . and it 's work , way too well .
the stats be clear : ied victim make up a bigger chunk of our casualty every ENT_temporal-quantity-0 . over the last -CONST--0 month , ieds have cause -CONST--1 ENT_percentage-entity-0 of NE_country-0 combat death . last ENT_temporal-quantity-1 ( -CONST--2 -CONST--3 ) be typical : out of -CONST--4 NE_country-1 troop kill , ieds be responsible for -CONST--5 .
compare that with -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , a terrible month when we lose -CONST--2 troop . back then the insurgent relied on rpgs and small arm . only -CONST--3 of our -CONST--4 kia that month @-@ barely more than a -CONST--5 @-@ be kill by ieds .
the insurgent have decide to do it the easy way . as long as they can use ieds , their low @-@ tech standoff weapon , ENT_amr-unknown-0 should they risk close combat ?
the real question be why they can get away with it . and here @-@ well , i hate to keep say this , but somebody need to . the reason they can do it be because we still have no intel on them . it 's the biggest failure of the war , and nobody talk about it . ci warfare be about people , not hardware . we 're all hardware and no intelligence , like a NE_person-0 show . make me sick .
that make the decision to go with ieds a no @-@ brainer for the insurgent . in the standard ambush , the kind we be face -CONST--0 year ago , the insurgent detonate an ied under a convoy , then open up on the stall survivor with rpg and small arm fire . it probably make them feel good , sort of their version of shock and awe , but the rifle fire be ineffective and by concentrate their force , the insurgent make themselves vulnerable to our air power .
the problem in any guerrilla battle be the getaway . anybody can pull a trigger ; the trick be get your men home safe , while enemy chopper zoom through the sky and every street be full of troop and armor look for men of military age . that 's the tough part .
an ied ambush have none of those risk . only -CONST--0 man need to be on the spot @-@ the triggerman . he detonate the ied from a car park down a side street and drive away before the occupier can even start their search . no risk . no casualty . very demoralize for the occupier , especially since they know damn well that everybody in the neighborhood be in on the attack but they can n't level the local ' shack like they 're die to .
what make this wave of ieds worse be that the device be get more effective . frankly i 've be shock at how good the NE_country-0 be with these thing right from the start . i mean , after that shameful performance in NE_war-0 , do you expect these bastard to be so sneaky , patient , and smart ? i know this war be a bad idea , but even i never realize what we 'd be up against .
the scariest tech development of all be that the insurgent have learn ENT_amr-unknown-0 to make shape @-@ charge ieds . to understand ENT_amr-unknown-1 shape charge be such a powerful weapon , we have to go into the incredibly cool world of explosive physic . i love this stuff . i mean , ENT_amr-unknown-2 red @-@ blood NE_country-0 boy do n't experiment with explosive ? the only reason i ever open my chem book be to see if it mention tnt or dynamite in the index . ( it do n't @-@ goddamn hippie teachers.) and naturally i use the local wildlife , like toad and bee , in my experiment with the kill power of firecracker .
what -CONST--0 learn be the most important point about the subject : blast alone do n't do a good job of kill the target . a bee would wobble off unhurt after -CONST--1 of my -CONST--2 th of -CONST--3 daisycutters go off right next to it .
now before you hothead whose hobby be make pipe bomb in the garage write me angry letter ( or send me long round package with no return address ) , i know a blast can kill , if it 's a big enough blast . we have a really nasty example of that in -CONST--0 this year , when a huge ied kill -CONST--1 NE_military-0 near NE_city-0 . from what i 've read , investigation show there be nothing special about the ied . it be just -CONST--2 anti @-@ tank mine stack in a pile @-@ the NE_company-0 of ieds , i guess you could call it .
that ambush show real clearly how important intelligence be in guerrilla warfare . the same unit that suffer the ied attack have just have -CONST--0 of its sniper kill in a small @-@ arm ambush . now you tell me ENT_amr-unknown-0 anybody can ambush -CONST--1 sniper unless they 've completely penetrate the unit . the insurgent know where the unit 's sniper would assemble , and they know where the vehicle would be pass . we do n't know a thing about the enemy , but it 's clear that he know way too much about us .
the other problem be that the -CONST--0 NE_military-0 be ride in -CONST--1 of those ridiculous land craft the NE_military-1 use as apcs @-@ in NE_city-0 , -CONST--2 of click from the sea ! it 's call the NE_vehicle-0 , and it look like a giant armored dinghy . since it be design to ferry troop ashore , it sacrifice armor and speed and damn near everything else to an amphibious capability that have no use anymore . but that 's the NE_military-2 for you . real brave , but not always real smart .
maybe if those guy have be in a real apc some would have survive . i can n't say . if the blast be big enough , it can kill even an mbt . the pal take out -CONST--0 NE_country-0 merkavas , the best @-@ armored tank in the world , with simple blast ieds .
but most of the time , guerrilla do n't have the delivery system to depend on blast power . if they 're try to kill soft target @-@ i.e . people @-@ they pack the bomb with homemade shrapnel : roof nail , ball bearing , anything that 'll shred flesh . a suicide vest tip with nail be basically a -CONST--0 @-@ degree -CONST--1 gauge .
to kill gis that way , you need to catch them off @-@ guard , somewhere NE_military-0 feel safe . that 's what happen when a jihadi kill more than a dozen of our guy in a mess hall in NE_city-0 while they be have lunch -- minus their body armor .
in the field , NE_country-0 troop be a hard kill , especially because they move in armored convoy protect by chopper . and that 's the real beauty of ied attack for a guerrilla : they absolutely nullify NE_country-1 air power . there be literally no target for the attack chopper . the pilot know damn well that -CONST--0 of those NE_country-2 car drive away from the scene be carry the guy ENT_amr-unknown-0 set off the ied , but there 's no way to tell ENT_amr-unknown-1 -CONST--1 .
in a strange way , we 're look at a 3d war . we control the air , but the NE_country-0 literally control the underground , thank to these buried ieds . we fly , they dig .
the insurgent ' first ieds be simple . not that there 's anything wrong with simple . the weapon that have be hurt us be all simple , like the rpg . simplicity be the guerrilla 's friend .
those early ieds were usually just shell bury by the road , wire up to a detonator . lot of amateur be tinker in their garage , or whatever NE_country-0 have instead of garage , play with stuff that go boom . and naturally lot of those guy go boom themselves .
like i say , war teach people fast , but some of the lesson have to be learn by the next of kin , not the handyman whose bright idea for a new type of bomb turn him into an abstract paint all over his wall .
sometimes an insurgency have to learn its lesson several time . take the case of pressure @-@ trigger ieds . these be basically standard anti @-@ vehicle mine , with something like a bathroom scale as trigger . people and car can pass over them unharmed , but if a really heavy ( mean armored ) vehicle roll over that scale , the bomb go off . ( truck be a problem . some truck weigh as much as an apc.) the best part be that you do n't even need a triggerman to set it off . you can all be off at the hookah parlor polish up your alibi when it go off .
the insurgent in NE_city-0 use pressure bomb in -CONST--0 , but they usually fail to go off . their bombmakers do n't have the technique yet .
thank to info @-@ share , the internet give an insurgency , they 're back at it , with better wire diagram . -CONST--0 week ago ( oct . -CONST--1 ' 05 ) , a pressure bomb shred a NE_vehicle-0 in NE_city-0 , tear -CONST--2 gis leg to piece .
the first ieds be mostly mortar round that fail against our armor . so the insurgent go to big -CONST--0 mm round . that 's a big , big shell and when you trigger it at the right moment , it 's go to kill almost anything but an NE_vehicle-0 .
the NE_vehicle-0 be a great tank , so it 's kind of scary to read the stats on how many of them the insurgent have manage to knock out . as usual , the invasion be the easy part and the occupation be when thing get lethal . we only lose -CONST--0 m1s in the conventional fight , but the guerrilla have since manage to disable 80. now most of those be track damage , but that 's enough to put a tank out of action .
the good news be that the NE_vehicle-0 have live up to its rep for crew protection . the NE_military-0 's NE_military-1 say only -CONST--0 crew have die in ied attack on m1s . ( -CONST--1 other NE_vehicle-1 crow have be kill , mostly by sniper fire , ride in open hatches.)
so if you 're an insurgent bomb @-@ maker , your goal be to find a way to kill m1s . not just knock a tread off , but destroy it and kill the crew . and that 's where the shape @-@ charge ied come in . shape charge be develop for tank kill , use in mbt anti @-@ armor round and antitank weapon . their warhead be basically thick cup of soft metal . metal with low melt point , usually copper . the bomb @-@ maker 's job be to make sure as much of the force of the blast be channeled to the copper cone as possible . so sometimes he 'll put several -CONST--0 mm shell beneath the copper , or pack a whole lot of tnt under it .
when the ied detonate , this copper cup turn into a shaft of superheated metal that can zip right through any armor , even an NE_vehicle-0 's . that 's what they tell me , and i have to believe it .
it 's the kind of weird science that use to frustrate me in physic , the sort of info you just have to take on faith . i can n't help wonder if they 're kid us civvies about it all . i do n't get why a soft metal like copper can penetrate NE_product-0 armor , which can defeat almost any warhead around .
apparently the copper be n't even actually melt . it eject as a solid ; it just " behave like molten metal." i 'm sure the insurgent NE_broadcast-program-0 tinkerers do n't understand the science involve any more than i do . they just hear that it work and try it out .
the NE_country-0 countermeasure have be pretty lame so far . convoy travel with jammers that make it harder to detonate the ied by cell phone or garage door opener @-@ NE_company-0 and NE_company-1 sale be go to drop in the NE_local-region-0 . but like i say , low @-@ tech be the guerrilla 's friend . these day they 've go back to wire , and i hear some be even use string . you can n't jam a string .
beyond that , NE_person-0 policy be to blame NE_country-0 , or NE_country-1 , or NE_person-1 or whoever .
NE_country-0 ? maybe . NE_country-1 ? no way . NE_country-2 's scared to death , ready to do anything to make NE_government-organization-0 happy . and if it be NE_country-3 , ENT_amr-unknown-0 can we do about it ? there be still a few neocons so totally out of their little gourd they want us to invade NE_country-4 . i have to wonder if they 're agent of dr NE_person-0 , programme to destroy NE_country-5 . because invade NE_country-6 would do it , it 'd end us once and for all .
this blame stuff be a sign of frustration . nobody know ENT_amr-unknown-0 to stop ieds , even with all the NE_magazine-0 geeks send in their garage @-@ tech brainstorm . that 's because @-@ damn , ENT_amr-unknown-1 time do i have to repeat it ? -guerrilla war have no technical solution . or even military solution . the only effective ci technique be torture , reprisal and , ultimately , genocide .
my guess be that genocide will come back one day . that be how the ancient dealt with rebellious town : wipe ' em out . one of these day some first @-@ world country be go to get impatient and a problem child like the NE_local-region-0 will be a big , radioactive ghost town .
if we do n't do it , the kurds may end up do it the old @-@ fashion way they learn from the turks : -CONST--0 bullet , -CONST--1 village at a time . it 's be do before -- seen any NE_country-0 up there lately ? probably not , but most of " NE_country-1 " use to be " armenia." a few of the NE_country-2 make it to NE_city-0 , but the rest be bury up there .
we 're talk about NE_country-0 here , the place where war be invent . -CONST--0 of people have be wipe out forever in those part . all these NE_event-0 lobbyist get furious if anybody say NE_religious-group-0 be n't the only tribe to get genocided , but that 's just politics-" our genocide be better than your genocide ! "
the fact be , genocide be , historically , the most common result when one tribe run into another . and something tell me the next big wipeout will happen right there in central NE_country-0 .
it have a large sky be fall slat but decent read on the ieds...
it be true that the ieds be effective .
it be not a " lazy man 's insurgency " but a " cunning and diabolical man 's insurgency "
NE_person-0 ,
sorry , as i state , i do n't have much time , but the wife now have the newborn .
a few superficial criticism :
1. it 's not ci ( counter @-@ intelligence ) . ci be when you thwart your enemy 's intel operation . thus , gain intel on when @/@ where the insurgent be plant ieds be intel , not counter @-@ intel .
2. iraqis do n't have garage at their house . thus , i would conclude that this guy have never step foot in NE_country-0 .
some meaty criticism :
1. the NE_military-0 's NE_vehicle-0 be as armored as the standard NE_military-1 apc - the m113. it sound as if this pundit be probably a former NE_military-2 guy . based on the damage to the NE_vehicle-1 that be involve , unless it be a NE_product-0 , more armor would n't have help . that 's how big the ieds be get .
2. a single -CONST--0 mm round do n't do any significant damage to NE_country-0 armored vehicle ( the up @-@ armored NE_vehicle-0 be n't a true armored vehicle in the sense that it be design from the ground up with armor in mind - it be modify from a cargo vehicle ) . for example , on the NE_vehicle-1 , a -CONST--1 mm round will scratch some paint off and flatten tire .
3. war be like a sport . it be interactive and tactic , technique , and procedure evolve continuously in reaction to your opponent . back to the sport analogy , if you 're get kill in a zone defense , you switch to man @-@ to @-@ man , etc. he seem to apply a template that the enemy of the NE_country-0 should be dumb and not react . underestimate your enemy be a bad and dumb thing to do .
4. he fail to mention the intel that we get that allow us to defuse the majority of ieds before they be detonate .
5. he fail to mention ENT_amr-unknown-0 switch back to wire device make it easier to catch the trigger man .
6. he fail to mention how use larger device mean that you need to spend more time prepare the site , which mean a greater chance of compromise .
7. he complain about intel , but then advocate harsh technique that run contrary to the value of the NE_country-0 and do n't weigh the impact that these technique would have on gain intel from the population and @/@ or bring the population off the fence and to our side . his recommendation would result be less intelligence - gain some information from a pay triggerman may result in a few short @-@ term success within a particular cell , but it will alienate the population and result be less intel over the long @-@ run from the population and future cell that would be create down the road due the increase perception of occupation through the harsh technique he advocate . as an example , NE_city-0 , which be the direct result of a half @-@ dozen irresponsible individual that be able to conduct their abuse due to the lack leadership of their supervisor , have a huge negative impact on our relation with local NE_country-1 . the trust we have build with many be erode and our ability to gain trust with others be much more challenge .
bottomline , he do n't truly analyze the situation from all aspect and use some faulty assumption and some fact that be flat out wrong . in the end , you have the action @-@ reaction @-@ counteraction cycle that be produce bigger ieds that be easier to catch , but more deadly if you do n't catch it . i 'm not state that it 's not a problem , but this analysis do n't offer much value .
i hope this help . as far approach to coin , i 'm sure that NE_person-0 , NE_person-1 , NE_person-2 , and some of the others on this board ENT_amr-unknown-0 militaries have be do coin for much longer than the NE_country-0 ( ENT_amr-unknown-1 , btw have do coin quite frequently , but then shun it as a freak occurance and do n't internalize the lesson learn in favor on focusing on the " big threat ") can comment at length on ENT_amr-unknown-2 this article espouse the wrong approach to the problem .
i 'm just wonder ENT_amr-unknown-0 NE_country-0 poster think your ENT_government-organization-0 's reaction would be if NE_country-1 ask for finish nuclear weapon and missile , plus nuclear know how , with you for under the table shipment of yellowcake for your nuclear weapon program ?
you see , i 'm hope that one day befor it be too late that NE_country-0 will wake up to the fact that we can n't rely on the NE_country-1 to be willing to lose a city over NE_country-2 by hold true on the ' nuclear umbrella ', if ever we have a conflict with NE_country-3 .
by ship you yellowcake from say a secret source on defence land acqured for ' train ', we could keep it outside the NE_treaty-0 inspection treaty process so you can build bomb with it .
we ould even fly in vet NE_country-0 miner ( with train ) to avoid the secret get out here . it would benefit us by allow payment to be make outside our budget approprations process , which be transparent .
once we have our missile we can announce that we be join you in the non @-@ align movement , transport weapon grade uranium between us openly and generally ignore all the complaint -CONST--0 would generate and other people war , just like you do now .
do this work for you ?
it would n't be that hard for NE_country-0 to build nukes by yourselves .
involve outsider usually increase the amount of headache you have to deal with .
imo , every " ENT_ordinal-entity-0 world " - technologically modern nation could probably do it today - some have choose not to ( like NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 ) perhaps because of history ?
i think NE_country-0 probably could -CONST--0 if they want too , and the rest of the world would n't object as much as they would if -CONST--1 of the historically agressive non @-@ nuclear nation do it .
a lot of the nuclear weapon tech that be unattainabe -CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 year ago be attaintable now . it would be very expensive , and there would be consequence .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 should we sell ?
the only reason we would be if we really need the money or if the yellowcake be not available elsewhere or if you be the only -CONST--0 who have something we really need from an existential perspective as barter .
-CONST--0 could and would probably work if NE_country-0 be to place their own nukes under indian control onto NE_country-1 soil .
for your defense and our own .
expand deterrent .
but then you have that option already with the NE_country-0 , so the fact that you ask this question probably point to a drift in confidence or the fact that you feel you would be able to better control an NE_country-1 nuke umbrella to your prime advantage versus a NE_country-2 one .
tired of the ever @-@ hulking , always @-@ advance glacier of dvd and bd case in -CONST--0 live room , i 've procure a media server and a NE_product-0 box to run it .
my plan be to migrate all of my media ( probably about -CONST--0 dvds and bds , count all the tv show i have ) onto the server over the next year or so , and banish the hardcopy to a closet for backup .
media server with 6tb storage run NE_product-0 life in the basement , NE_product-1 box hook into NE_stack-0 ( plasma , bd player , cd player , cable box , receiver ) life upstairs , NE_product-2 network .
so far i 'm get great quality playback from some item , but real movie that i 've rip be not great .
i 've play with a few different programs , but i like NE_product-0 the most so far .
do anyone know if it 's really a " bit - to - bit clone ", or be i get some default compression even if i 've set that to -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 ? -@ NE_person-0
if there 's a visible difference between the dvd and the copy then it 's be compress .
sometimes the format you decide to convert it to have issue .
i seldom do it so i 'm not really au fait with what be good but the software i NE_software-0 and convert it to either.mov file or uncompressed mpeg4
nifty thread .
i be think of implement a rather lower cost option .
manually rip all dvds to mkvs , make a little htpc with a low cost NE_product-0 cpu and a wireless card and hook it up to my tv .
for any gamers out there.. the rumor thread for " NE_game-0 "..
ENT_amr-unknown-0 the game would be like ?
so far its a split between semi @-@ scifi( NE_game-0 ) or literally modernwarfare2( NE_game-1 ) with new map and missions..
NE_game-0 be a disappointment when they decide to go back to the same old NE_war-0 theme..
i 'd personally prefer them add new map and mission to cod4...
NE_game-0 to me be the best real @-@ war based fps...
maybe more ' politically bold mission ' like NE_province-0 , NE_world-region-0 , NE_country-0 , nwfp/waziristan..maybe even cuba/n.korea..
just hope they dont overdo the NE_world-region-0 theme which they pull off so well in NE_game-0
if it be " semi @-@ scifi "( they 're rumored to be look for a sci @-@ fi title ) ..
i 'm stumped..
ENT_amr-unknown-0 'd they possibly pull @-@ off semi scifi without look like a bad copy of halo..
they should do some type of geurilla warfare game set in a wartorn NE_continent-0 or NE_continent-1 country .
that could be interesting , like a NE_game-0 .
i hope they make the plot as interesting as the last one .
somilian pirate @/@ mexican drug cartel would bear the hell out of me .
ps : NE_game-0 be pretty good .
i do n't know why people hate it so much .
NE_game-0 - -CONST--0 word - awesome ! !!...
the trailer look great .
plus i get what i want - an extension of NE_game-0 instead of yet another NE_war-0 scenario .
look like they pack a lot more mission into NE_game-0 compare to NE_game-1 .
i be so look forward to -CONST--0 !
this be so much better than last year when i see the NE_game-0 trailer ( flamethrower and all ) and all i could think of be - " oh dear..."
since many of our troop be stuck in NE_country-0 , it be likely that we may not have the resource to be able to send troop to NE_country-1 .
so there be great likelihood that NE_country-0 may act alone .
although NE_country-0 have greater air and ground superiority then NE_country-1 have larger number of troop and have long range missles that can reach NE_country-2 .
NE_country-0 in the past have sucessfully fight off nation with larger number of troop before a prime example be the six day NE_war-0 .
so would NE_country-0 be able to act alone or would NE_country-1 military intervention still be require to attack NE_country-2 ?
NE_country-0 would find it hard enough to conduct air raid on NE_country-1 , let alone fight a large scale war .
the distance be simply too great for NE_country-0 to be able to project much power against NE_country-1 .
i do n't think NE_country-0 could act alone .
if they attack NE_country-0 unilaterally , it would probably be a large mission aim at take out NE_country-1 's nuclear infrastructure .
they would have a hard go of it .
NE_country-0 in retaliation would launch its long range missile at NE_country-1 , as well as encourage NE_political-party-0 to harass NE_country-2 .
i think any NE_country-0 action against NE_country-1 would involve bring the NE_country-2 into the war , i think its the only way NE_country-3 can really do enough damage to make the whole effort worthwhile .
i have be search for sometime now , and i can n't seem to find a dropshipper that sale merchandise low enough so i could profit from it .
would someone -CONST--0 help me ?
hi , nobody be go to give you their source .
you be go to have to find them on your own .
there be plenty out there but most of them be more trouble than they be worth .
there be also a very few that be good supplier but you have to realize , when dropshipping , the profit margin be very thin and you have to be on top of them all the time , monitor their inventory .
people find a dropshipper , sign up and then list , list , and list !
they list soooo much but then when it come to monitor the inventory they do not check back into the site to see if the inventory be still available .
you can have a successful business with dropshippers but it be w*o*r*k .
it be not e*a*s*y .
i find all my source by surf the net on my cellphone during commercial , while wait in line , any spare moment .
search several different way , most do not even have the word " dropship " on their site .
good luck .
and beware of " membership club " such as NE_thing-0 and the like .
they be not your solution .
real distributor do not charge you for take your money .
still , make any drop ship work in the NE_feedback-0 @-@ orient quick ship ebay world will be a challenge .
-CONST--0 do a quick search and you will find ton of info on drop shipping...here be a thread from the recent past -CONST--1 : //forums.ebay.com/db1/topic/building @-@ -CONST--2 @-@ -CONST--3 @/@ -CONST--4 @-@ -CONST--5 @-@ drop/5200052702?#msg5200760329
which be only of about 25+ since the begin of the year .
i be sorry but until NE_company-0 pin the drop ship topic all you can do be search older post .
i cannot give you the formula for success , but i can give you the formula for failure -- which be : try to please everybody . NE_person-0
my partner and i refuse to use dropshipping .
if a dropshipper have -CONST--0 item for example and we sell -CONST--1 to -CONST--2 different people then we have -CONST--3 potential unhappy customer with the potential for -CONST--4 negative feedbacks .
a dropshipper be only concern with sell their -CONST--0 item as fast as they can .
i be concern with sell the -CONST--0 item that be in our inventory as best and correctly as possible .
this be just my opinion.....
ok...i know the answer to that but it still really bother me .
this be what be wait for me when i log into NE_product-0 this afternoon
no ! NE_company-0 should issue a coupon for buyer to use on our listings and get -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 off....
we would still get our full $$ and NE_company-0 can give the seller the difference that the buyer save !
just really bug me
because that be additional revenue outside of seller .
seller be captive revenue that will be about the same no matter what they do ,
until someone else come along and challenge ebay NE_company-0 will keep on do the same thing , but soon or later that will happen , , , .........i hope soon
, ...,most people do n't realize that the best answer be the one that they do n't want to hear . NE_person-0
yup..i know the answer but still hate it !
sorry , long story .
first off a little info..
NE_company-0 have be one of the lead guitar amplifier company for -CONST--0 year .
many of the older amp be be restore and also there be countless company offer clone and cloned replacement part for diy'ers .
since i like wood work i think some folk would enjoy an amplifier shell that they could finish themselves and either use it to restore an old NE_company-0 amplifier or to collect aftermarket part from countless other vendor and end up with a vintage NE_company-1 clone .
so , i have have pretty good luck sell these wooden amp head shell in the past and think i would reintroduce my product .
well , NE_company-0 pull my list for have the word " NE_company-1 " in the title .
my actual list read " NE_company-0 style plexi @/@ NE_product-0 headshell for project ."
notice the word " style ".
i do a quick NE_company-0 search use " NE_company-1 style " and come up with -CONST--0 's of listings that use that term for after market part and kit .
the listings i click on be not actaul NE_company-0 product .
i also search another famous amplifier company and type in " NE_company-0 style ".
again -CONST--0 's of listings for aftermarket part and kit .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 be i singled out ENT_amr-unknown-1 there be -CONST--0 's and -CONST--1 's of people list this way ?
and its clear that i do not claim it be an NE_company-0 " product which be why i put the word " style " in the list .
do not seem right .
people who be look for these item won't find them without know that it be for a NE_company-0 or NE_company-1 style amp .
i love the smell of package tape in the morning .
can n't use the manufacturer 's name in the title unless the item be list be actually make by the manufacturer .
NE_company-0 rule - not mine .
NE_person-0 's right - someone somewhere decide to report you , and you end up get a wrist @-@ slap .
you -@ could @- start report all the " style " listings you find and ( hopefully ) watch them go away .
sometimes it only take -CONST--0 report... sometimes you gotta stay on top of it for a while .
there be special rule for what you want to do , offer non @-@ brand replacement component ( in your case , the wood case ) .
unfortunately , i just do n't recall ENT_amr-unknown-0 they all are...
there 's a way to word the description that work and do n't get you slap for " keyword spamming " ( which be what put NE_company-0 in the descriptive text will earn you ) .
fun stuff , eh ?
that sound right...
as long as it do n't fall into the not allow category by meet this criteria :
use " compatible with , " " fit , " or " for " before a brand name in the title of your list to describe item that be universally compatible or that be compatible with an entire product class
just know if it be someone that be " after you " ( which sometimes happen ) - there be always some violation that you be break or you be near the questionable portion of break some policy .
because NE_company-0 will usually " pull ENT_ordinal-entity-0 ask late " when a list be report , your listings will only become better and you may just sell more because of ENT_amr-unknown-0 you learn on ENT_amr-unknown-1 to become a better seller as you refine your listings .
if you keep a good sense of humor and communicate with ebay... NE_company-0 will start " ask ENT_ordinal-entity-0 pull late ".
hello ,
i wonder if someone can clear something up for me ?
-CONST--0 have a 63,950 svr mortgage with NE_company-0 with 19 -CONST--1 @/@ 2 year leave . ( it 's currently 64,570 due to some stupidity a few yrs ago ) .
now , this be originally take out as interest only but when i 've phone a couple of year ago to increase the payment they have change it to " part interest , part repayment ". not too fuss about this as -CONST--0 've work out the number and the correct amount be come off the capital every ENT_temporal-quantity-0 .
i 'm go to contact NE_company-0 for detail on how to make overpayments as i 've increase my direct debit again but would like to be able to make ad @-@ hoc overpayments ENT_amr-unknown-0 i 'm able to .
thing i 'm curious about be the -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 overpayment thing - i know my mortgage agreement be subject to this however ENT_amr-unknown-0 do it really mean ? should i only be pay -CONST--1 ENT_percentage-entity-1 more than my interest only payment or be it -CONST--2 ENT_percentage-entity-2 extra off the capital ? my new direct debit ( as of end dec -CONST--3 would take me over the -CONST--4 ENT_percentage-entity-3 of io payment ) .
i 'm guess they will give me a rough idea of ENT_amr-unknown-0 i can overpay in s based on my current direct debit but would be interested to know beforehand just for my knowledge .
currently NE_company-0 have on their record that " pension " will be pay the capital off at the end of the term - these be currently non existent so try to get myself at least on track for repayment at the end of term .
thank very much !
its -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 of the mortgage balance for the year , so if your mortgage balance in 100,000 that year you can overpay by 10,000 during the course of the year without penalty .
however , if you be on the svr you dont have the -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 limit , just overpay as much as you can comfortably afford
quote :
are you sure you 're on svr ? or just a rate that be soon to end ?
have work for NE_company-0 it be indeed correct that once you 've reach the svr then no overpayment limit be enforce you be simply free to overpay as much as you wish to .
this be correct . your kfi @/@ mortgage offer may say something along the line of ' in any -CONST--0 year you may repay up to -CONST--1 ENT_percentage-entity-0 of the amount outstanding on your special rate product '. it 's a roll -CONST--2 month , so the year start when you make your ENT_ordinal-entity-0 overpayment . so , you could n't pay 10k in -CONST--3 and another 10k in -CONST--4 for instance , you 'd need to wait -CONST--5 month .
then , once your ' special rate product ' end , you go onto svr , with no overpayment restriction .
hi , i 'm in the middle of a divorce and am try to take on the mortgage on the family home .
i 'm only try to borrow about -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 of my home 's current market value , which be about -CONST--1 my ENT_temporal-quantity-0 income .
have approach several big lender and try go through a financial adviser , but noone will lend because my income be make up of : -CONST--0 very part @-@ time job ( -CONST--1 employ , -CONST--2 self @-@ employ ) , maintenance ( not yet court order ) and tax credit .
their argument be that once my daughter leave school some of these income source will cease , but by then i would hope to be back at work full time ( she 's only 7!).
the mortgage rate i 've be quote be less than i 'm pay at the moment anyway !
it 's be suggest to me that i try and take out a personal loan instead ?
anyone get any suggestion ?
you would think that have -CONST--0 part time job that at least you will have 2 at any one time and that be more secure than have -CONST--1 full time job and possibly be give notice to leave .
it sound like you be self employ and will need the assistance of an accountant to create some book that show some decent profit combine all the source of income stream as -CONST--0 source of income .
they may be do an affordability calculation instead of a income multiple and do n't think you can afford to pay for day to day live expense and a mortgage .
i would get another financial advisor who can help you .
someone should be able to lend you the money .
hi all , i currently have a mortgage which what use to be NE_facility-0 .
i take the mortgage out in -CONST--0 , fix rate for -CONST--1 year .
this be due to finish in -CONST--0 .
i do n't know what to do !
i take the mortgage out with my then husband , we split -CONST--0 year ago .
he do all the money side of thing so have no idea ENT_amr-unknown-0 to go .
i have a funny feel that since house price have drop , i be likely to be in negative equity .
we borrow more than -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 , retrospectively a stupid thing to do .
i have take the mortgage on on my own .
any advice would be gratefully receive , thank you .
in rate term , there 's nothing you can do .
if you be in negative equity as you seem to think , there be no prospect of another lender take you on , so a remortgage be n't go to be possible .
NE_company-0 which be the body manage your mortgage do not offer replacement or customer retention product , so your mortgage will revert to the follow @-@ on rate set out in your original NE_thing-0 ( kfi ) or mortgage offer .
this be likely to be the standard variable rate , currently -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 .
given theat the current lend and borrow siatuion , it be more difficult for people to get a mortgage .
i understand that martgage broker be to be able to see from a lot of provider .
but for people be dififcult to get mortgage today , be their advise be worthy...
say for instance they say it be better you ask for this provider but in fact , when you afollow their suggestion , you get reject ?
be not that it be better to sticj to your bak who know wel your financial stability and ability ??
i undesratnd that some mortgage adviser be free of charge .
i be ask here because once you get reject it will seriously danage your credibility to get another lender ?
opinion and expereince from people in ths forum be really appreciated....
first of all i disagree that its hard to get a mortgage...compared to the day of -CONST--0 %+ mortgage yes but for the right applicant there be plenty of lend available .
obviously i be biased as i be an independant mortgage adviser but my view be it be good that we can source the whole market find the best deal and know the specific lend criteria of each lender .
i use to work for a bank and i would never offer my service to my friend and family as i do n't know whether there be better service elsewhere .
now i be comfortable do thing for my friend and family .
bank will want you to think that you have a better chance of get a mortgage with them as you have your finance with them but this be simply not true .
if you get reject you need to look into the reason why...affordability..credit score etc
hi my husband and i be look to buy the hosue we currently live in , but we do not have a deposit .
are there any -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 mortgage out there and ENT_amr-unknown-0 one be the best to look at -
i be totally useless when it come to thing like this and hubby be no better ! !!
-CONST--0 currently earn about 21k -CONST--1 year and hubby earn just under 15k -CONST--2 year .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 be the likelyhood of us get a mortgage to start off with and be go to be more difficult to find -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 one ?
any advice would be appreciate . thank
whats the value of your house ? ,
hows both your credit rate ?
this seem to be the -CONST--0 most important factor when consider a mortgage other than your joint income .
the chance of get a -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 be probably impossible to be honest...
a share ownership property be one where you do not buy the property outright , but only a percentage share of the property . for example only -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 .
however on the remain -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 which be still own by the house association , you will pay a ENT_temporal-quantity-0 rent .
so if you be not look at this type of property , you will not get a -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 mortgage .
hello all - just join and after some advice .
-CONST--0 've see the post on the forum relate to the NE_company-0 consent to let and subsequent hike in interest rate by -CONST--1 ENT_percentage-entity-0 ( this be go back -CONST--2 year or -CONST--3 ) .
at the ENT_temporal-quantity-0 my wife and i be rent out -CONST--0 property and have sign up to a -CONST--1 year fix rate mortgage .
we initially live in the property but subsequently let it out have receive permission to do so from NE_company-0 .
given we be in a fix rate mortgage and have pay for the extra security i be pretty shock and appal that they be force this increase on us .
in any case my wife go to NE_company-0 to discuss our option with the mortgage adviser .
the long and short of it be that the mortgage adviser give the advice that give base rate be -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 and we could move to another lender on a formal btl mortgage for a far lower rate ( give with the -CONST--1 ENT_percentage-entity-1 increase our NE_company-0 rate would be over -CONST--2 %) and therefore over a the mortgage term more than cover the early repayment fee .
this advice make perfect sense so we pay to come out of our fix rate with NE_company-0 and move to another lender - the early repayment fee be circa 3k .
subsequently we receive the letter from NE_company-0 ( as i be sure many do ) say that those on fix rate mortgage that would have to pay early redemption fee would not have the -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 increase impose until the end of the term of the fix rate .
given the advice we receive and subsequent redemption fee we pay ( prior to NE_company-0 change their mind ) i wonder whether anyone think we have any recourse against NE_company-1 .
be very interested in any thought .
many thank
it definitely sound interesting .
i would certainly go to the branch , speak to someone in management and present this letter along with any documentary evidence that you may have have from your previous meet .
also get them to produce the note of your previous meet with the mortgage adviser .
we come within a gnat whisker of pay a 7k early redemption fee to avoid the -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 hike .
thankfully the letter arrive -CONST--0 day before our completion date on our new mortgage so we be able to get out of it .
only -CONST--0 month until we can leave NE_company-0 and move over to a proper btl mortgage .
are there any bridge company ENT_amr-unknown-0 'll do a loan for an uninhabitable property ( it 's derelict )?
we need to borrow -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 of the hammer price until we can get plan permission for restoration which will allow us to get a mortgage
( verbal approval of our plan have be give by the local plan officer and the build society in question ) .
( excuse me while i do a little - this be a build we nearly buy through normal channel -CONST--0 year ago , get gazump on and never think we 'd ever get another crack at it ! )
it do n't seem likely and would be horrendously expensive .
look at it from the lender 's point of view :
this be high risk - if you do n't get plan approval the site could actually be worth a negative amount ( due to demolition cost ) .
verbal approval be essentially worth nothing .
on the flip side there be little return for the lender as you do n't want the loan for long so not much time to charge interest .
really you would be better off : get a mortgage not a bridge loan ( also difficult ) . get an unsecured loan to buy it initially .
be aware that almost no bank or build society will give a mortgage on a property after it have be buy , if it be buy less than -CONST--0 month ago .
i do n't know the answer to your question , but it sound very risky to me .
you will be take on a costly short @-@ term loan based only on verbal promise which may not eventually come good .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 happen if the b soc do n't eventually make an offer , or it 's at a much lesser amount than you hope for ?
do it know that the house be uninhabitable - usually that make a property unmortgeable .
or if the pp take much long to be consider because there be objection / -CONST--0 's refuse and you have to appeal etc ?
last time we get a thread like this , i suggest NE_company-0 and the op do some research and find the cost be prohibitive .
i echo the other comment about how you deal with be unable to remortgage if something go wrong and would ask you to note you 'll have to stick with the bridge finance for around -CONST--0 month as you won't be able to apply for the remortgage until you 've own the property for -CONST--1 .
caution need .
bridge be only possible where the lender believe you will live elsewhere .
they cannot lend on a property you will be live in as this then fall into NE_organization-0 regulation , which bridge be exclude from .
an alternate to bridge be a non status mortgage , but the lender will still need to survey the property and carry out the nusual due dilligence to include full legal conveyancing and check .
the reason most aution deal be cash be that lend be never guarantee and can fall through at the mast moment , mean the applicant loose the property and thier -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 deposit .
you 'll need a good deal of luck to get this through use lend .
also bridgers usualy want a clearly define exit route , and it wont be sufficient to say a remortgage should be possible subject to all manner of property repair ( ENT_amr-unknown-0 if you fall ill / go mad / get depress part way into the renovation for example ) .
hi all , current mortgage fix deal end in -CONST--0 and this will be the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 time remortgaging .
purchase the property -CONST--0 -CONST--1 .
the property be value at 102000 when we purchase it and we now owe 77000 .
i be interested in learn more about how valuation work when remortgaging .
do they come round ?
are there any way i can improve the potential result ?
ENT_amr-unknown-0 happen ?
nothing much have change since last valuation in or out the property .
to be honest i would be happy with 102000 valuation but guess we will find out .
any information anyone can provide about this process would be great .
are you remortgaging to a new lender , or do a product transfer with the current one ?
if it 's the latter , chance be your current lender will use a desktop system call NE_system-0 .
if you be move your mortgage to a new lender , it will normally ask a surveyor to visit the property to establish its value .
as you be right on the -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 borderline for the better product , i would imagine an inspection would be better for you .
talk to your current lender before you start shop around .
it 's be solve now .
thank for everyone
ENT_amr-unknown-0 on earth would you allow somebody else to sort out payslips and p60 for you ?
if you have proof of income ENT_amr-unknown-0 not provide it ?
you have be complicit in any fraudulent application by allow it to happen with full knowledge .
struggle to see how you could compain to the lender and cab when you apply fraudulently .
i suspect you be now register as a fraudulent applicant and will struggle to gain finance anywhere .
hi , i 've a dilema !
look to remortgage , and have find suitable product from NE_company-0 . 195 non @-@ refundable application fee , conveyancing and valuation free .
it be a -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 ltv .
my house be worth very close to the -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 mark .
if i apply , and the valuation come out lower , i 'd have to pick the next best product , which be actually NE_company-0 .
NE_company-0 value for free at 180000 , which be the amount we estimate it to be .
mortgage balance be 134000 , so as you can see , very close to the -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 .
i could just go with NE_company-0 ,
no fee , but would cost me additional 1700 over the -CONST--0 year fix term .
do i risk lose the 195?
i suppose only i can answer that , but any thought or tip ?
you appear to have do the maths and identify the pitfall .
if there 's no way of avoid that fee , you appear to have to risk it .
be n't there a product with no fee you could choose upto -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 so you 'd lose nothing if the property be downvalued ?
lender i have speak to say that while their valuation fee be ' free ', you still have to pay for it but it be refund if you go ahead .
i guess it 's not always the case ( only speak to -CONST--0 lender , and perhaps -CONST--1 only discuss it with -CONST--2 of them ) .
it 's one of the reason why i 'm not remortgaging at the moment - found a great -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 rate but could go the wrong way of the house be value lower than expect .
just to also say , NE_company-0 be quite strict on affordability too not just ltv ,
their online affordability calculator be quite close .
NE_company-0 be not as strict .
good even people ,
was look for a little advise in regard to the possible mis @-@ sell by a -CONST--0 broker of a -CONST--1 .
my partner sign up for a -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 intrest only mortgage with the nothern NE_company-0 mortgage but to realise it be a intrest only mortgage some -CONST--1 year down the line .
the reason i feel that may have a case to be answer be that surely mortgage company must take some precaution when sell an intrest only mortgage
i.e the customer must take out some sort of endowment to ensure that when the mortgage intrest be finally pay off then the customer would be in a financial position to pay of the actual amount the mortgage be agree for ? ??
the mortgage broker who advise obviously have a case to answer but be nothern NE_company-0 in the wrong aswell ?
any information that can be offer would be greatly appreciate .
no , there be not .
read the paperwork she get when she take out the mortgage - it will explain that you need to set up a repayment vehicle for the capital amount .
i would also be amaze if the broker do not also advise her of this .
unfortunately this be quite a common problem , particularly with young ENT_ordinal-entity-0 time buyer who have no real clue about mortgage .
this be a problem during the boom year in that bank be not check if customer have a repayment vehicle in place , hence they be throw these interest only mortgage at people because that 's all they could afford because house price be so high .
there be people on here who will deny this ever take place .
many people put a lot of faith in some of these broker in the belief that they be act in their best interest .
unfortunately there be probably little come back because ultimately your partner should have read closely what she be get into before she sign .
i know that might sound callous but there be the say that cover this which be ' buyer beware '.
ENT_amr-unknown-0 do we go from here ?
some stock have have a great run since early -CONST--0
be it time to cash in and wait for the next drop or have we bottomed and its a steady rise from here ?
i would like to here from anyone who see the last recession , late eighty , pan out and how the sector react .
i view chart from then ,
it show volatility till ' 92 before a general steady rise although different sector behave differently
any thought appreciate
quote : agree with NE_person-0 .
-CONST--0 think we 'll be rangebound for quite a few year .
except there be a good chance that commodity and commodity stock will spike violently upwards for a while in -CONST--0 year or so ( higher than they be in -CONST--1 ) , thank to supply destruction which may well have a coil spring effect .
also inflation and a fall dollar should help them go up as well..
there be also good reason to believe that commodity will rise over the long terma s well .
hi , ENT_ordinal-entity-0 time post so -CONST--0 bear with me !
i be due to receive approx 20k from sale of decease parental home and need to find somewhere to put it .
have use up my NE_product-0 allowance ( so have hubby ) may need to access all our fund within the next -CONST--0 ENT_temporal-quantity-0 as we will either be move home or do self build if nothing suitable come on market .
therefore need to be able to access fund without too much penalty/notice .
have -CONST--0 kid and wonder if i could put money in children account for better tax free interest or do you have any suggestion -CONST--1 ?
thank in advance for any help
based on what you have say , you should not invest but stick to savings .
check out the usual table on this site for interest rate .
if you put money into the name of your child it become his beneficially .
in any case see -CONST--0 : //www.hmrc.gov.uk/tdsi/children.htm for tax treatment of interest on money give to children by parent .
you could always hold the cash in an on @-@ line account ( NE_company-0 pay -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 gross ) until -CONST--1
then each of you can put 5640 into a cash NE_product-0 ?
hi an elderly relative ( late -CONST--0 s life in annex adjoin the house ) have bank with NE_company-0 all her life - and she ask me for some general advice .
i wasnt at all familiar with her financial situation and she have in the past been advise by NE_company-0 .
what appear to be the case be that she have : 150k+ in an oeic @/@ share NE_product-0 with NE_company-0 30k in easy access savings account pay -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 with NE_company-1 15k in current account with NE_company-2 5k in cash NE_product-1 with NE_company-3
what struck me be that she have all her savings in NE_company-0 @/@ NE_company-1 so well over the 85k protection limit .
also that she have be advise to put so much in oeic @/@ corporate bonds/shares isas as it appear her capital have be fluctuate ( generally down ) .
she invest this whilst in her -CONST--0 s so am struggle to see ENT_amr-unknown-0 it would be good advice to ask her to put so much in a scheme where capital be not protect .
anyhow we have book an appointment next week to go through this with me in support .
do others think this advice be strange ?
and ENT_amr-unknown-0 would others advise .
my instinct be to get her into good savings account where capital be not at risk and to split it across -CONST--0 different institution ( it seem you can can get -CONST--1 %+ if you keep an eye on the rate be offer ) , plus make sure she use all the NE_product-0 allowance each year
any thought @/@ comment would be appreciate ? NE_person-0
i 'd be reluctant to start mess with an elderly relative 's finance .
others in the family might accuse you of all sort when she die .
that say : 1 ) if she 's of sound mind you need to understand if she 's prepare to move from NE_company-0 or not .
another bank may confuse her significantly .
2 ) if she want to stay with NE_company-0 , support her in find the best home for her money from -CONST--0 range , but also help her to keep it in a good pay account , as most of their account have -CONST--1 ENT_temporal-quantity-0 bonus .
3 ) make sure you do n't do anything with cash NE_product-0 that could impact her stock and share -CONST--0 .
4 ) get her agreement to shift money from the current account to a better savings account ( even if it 's only the -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 one ) .
just because somebody 's old do n't mean that capital should be protect .
my big concern for her would be if she own a property .
there 's a high chance of an iht bill on the horizon .
i 'd be talk to an ifa about the best way to mitigate this .
as NE_person-0 suggest , the share will effectively be in her name and be n't relevant to the protection scheme .
this be a very tough one .
bank generally will do what 's best for them which be invariably bad for the customer .
there be a lot of evidence these be some of the worst route to market due to them often have the highest cost .
as mention though , change be never fun , especially when it could be confuse and misunderstood .
i would personally say she should find an ifa and pay upfront for advice ( ie no commission ) so she get what be most suitable for her .
given her age it 's standard practice to have less money in equity and more in guarantee income than she currently appear to have due to short term fluctuation .
i 'm probably go to get criticize for what i 'm about to write , but as a long time lurker on these forum i know that i can also expect some sensible and honest opinion .
i have be have a relationship with a married man for some time now and i 'm start to get feed up with the situation and wonder if this be all it 's ever go to be .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 likely be it that a married man would leave his wife for the ' other woman ', ENT_amr-unknown-1 do i know if he 's serious about me or just toying with me ?
i know he do love me , but that 's not always enough be it ?
i be really tear at the moment whether to let thing carry on , or to walk away .
likelihood of him leave his wife for you , slim to none .
even if he do could you live your life happily ?
if he can do it to his wife , would he have qualm about do it to his girlfriend ?
1. the person you be have the affair with be cheat on his wife .
if he do it -CONST--0 , he could do it again - remember the old say " when a man marry his mistress , it leave a vacancy - for the next mistress ".
2. quite simply , he be cheat , you be cheat .
there be all the excuse in the world " he will leave when the children be older @/@ when his wife be better @/@ when they 've sort out finance - just wait for the right time to tell her " blah , blah blah , blah !
if you have any integrety , you would walk away now .
are you in a relationship with anybody ? or be you single
he 's have his cake and eat it at the moment ?
ENT_amr-unknown-0 would he want to give that up ?
i 'm struggle for idea as to what to do for my birthday this week .
dh will be at work , ds at school and dd at nursery till -CONST--0 pm unless i choose to take her out for the day so i can go somwhere till 3.15pm .
in some way i envy my dh who have a -CONST--0 birthday that generally fall within school holiday and we be all around him with good weather .
on mine its generally dull , rain or cold and everyone be work .
this year i 've thougth and think about what i can do either on my own or maybe with my almost -CONST--0 year old .
my mum suggest i go over with her to visit my dad who 's on a house sit and have a sandwich with them at lunchtime and open my pressie .
this seem to be my best option but its not what i would choose to do or really want to do .
my parent have choose to do this house sit , i really dont mind but i 'm not sure -CONST--0 want to go over , walk the dog and sit in a stranger house for a couple of hour to pass the ENT_temporal-quantity-0 .
any thought -CONST--0 on what you grow up do for -CONST--1 birthday when the weather be rubbish and your friend be work .
i dont expect to be entertain and happy to potter around or go to a national trust/swimming , but my local pool doens't have an open swim on thurs suitable for my availability and i do n't have a car free to drive .
hmmmm....... its quandry !
chalk it up to one those thing that happen when you have kid and do something at the weekend instead .
mine be on the -CONST--0 th .
( NE_person-0 : have -CONST--0 have the money , -CONST--1 would have go off for a couple of hour and a coffee at the nicest garden centre near to where -CONST--2 live so -CONST--3 could get there by bus )
go for a meal with your dh in the even after his work , and get your parent to babysit ?
day time wise - how ENT_amr-unknown-0 money do you want to spend ?
get your nail @/@ hair etc done ?
depends what youre in to .
i dont normally do anything in the day time for my bday ,
id do something at the nearest weekend or that night .
i 'm try to muster some sympathy for you but i 'm sorry i really can n't .
my birthday be in -CONST--0 too , and most year -CONST--1 have to work . for the whole day ! !!!
this year , i work all day , could n't celebrate with my dd because she be work in the even , so i go out for a bite to eat with a couple of friend and then on to see a film .
i 'll celebrate my birthday with my dd when we both have some time together... in -CONST--0 .
your parent want to see you and spend some time with you , give you a present so be gracious ( and a bit mature ) and go !
hi , i be get marry on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 th -CONST--2 and i be plan on buy a gift for my wife to be .
she love NE_company-0 and i buy her the chunky link bracelet with heart in the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 few month that we be together so now i be think to get her the necklace .
be the official NE_company-0 uk website the only place to buy official and not fake item or be there other place that sell NE_company-1 ?
plus anyone else have any other similar idea ? ?
look at NE_company-0 and NE_company-1 but i 'm not sure....
sound lovely .
the only place to buy genuine NE_product-0 be the website or NE_company-0 shop .
the only place to get NE_product-0 be the airport shop abroad , if the exchange rate/ duty free combination work in your favour .
have the match necklace be a lovely idea .
if she like charm you could get the NE_company-0 sweetie bracelet - then you have the next few present sort out for the charm .
oh come home from work on monday even by taxi and find -CONST--0 men try to break into the house .
they set upon him , knock him to the floor and kick him several time in head and stomach , stole his mobile phone and bag and run off .
the police come out very quickly , do a drive around with oh and the cabby but do n't see them that night .
they take dh 's bag ( which they find dump a few street away ) and say they would forensically test it , and there be a cctv camera which cover the area and the cabby say he could definitely identify the men as he get a clear view .
dh have not be ask to give a statement , and we assume nor have the cabby .
he get a letter in the post this morning , ENT_date-entity-0 tuesday , say the police be close their investigation .
the detective in charge have n't answer phone call and his bag have n't be return to him , which contain business paper and clothe .
dh do need treatment at a and e after the attack
it seem pretty clear that the police do not bother with forensic test and may not even have check the cctv footage .
be there anything which can be do to challenge their decision not even to do a preliminary investigation into an attempt burglary and common assault , where there be witness to the attack ?
if it be relevant at all , dh have no previous conviction , arrest or anything similar with the police , and be a middle aged businessman set upon by -CONST--0 year old male of a different racial background to us .
no , something be wrong here .
they can n't just ' close an investigation ' the day afterwards , not have even take statement .
i 'd say get some legal advice , or write to the police , state what you 've put in your post above and ask for an explanation .
you could try post this on the moneysaving in marriage and relationship board ?
you might get more answer there .
i would get down to the police station soon than just write a letter .
if cctv need to be examine and have not yet be look at , you want it seize asap , before it be record over .
it be of course possible that the cctv be n't work on the day in question but i be still surprise no other forensic examination have take place .
if a full note of your oh 's / the cabby 's evidence be take in a police notebook then the need for an immediate witness statement be reduce .
if this be really true , start here : -CONST--0 : //www.ipcc.gov.uk/en/pages/default.aspx
but ! be prepare to be stop for motor offence by disgruntle copper for the next -CONST--0 or so years........
make a formal complaint .
the police be try to fiddle the figure .
was it even record as a crime ?
ask for the crime number and see .
i 'm actually v excite as it all seem like fun , but all ex leader be v cynical ?
i think as with everything from read this thread there 's always the politics and the ooo could you just do a bit more for us aspect , we 'll have to keep our mouth firmly zip .
i 'm look to try to start volunteer sometime in the near future and be a rainbow/brownie/guide when younger and think i might enjoy help out but have no idea ENT_amr-unknown-0 to make the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 step to get involve
hi all i be look for advice -CONST--0 .
dd1 be in futher education -
because the course she want to do be n't available near us she be in residential college and we pay her accommodation and food cost ,
it leave thing very tight , but as we feel this be a great opportunity for her we be prepare to do it .
she also have the use of a car as its easier ( and a lot cheap ) than us drive her back and forth most week .
dd2 be due to leave school next summer and be hope to start a hairdressing apprenticeship .
she start to talk about drive lesson ( a bit premature i know ) and us buy a car and pay for petrol and insurance .
i mention to her that as she will be earn an income it will be time for her to start pay us towards -CONST--0 keep , etc.
she think that will be very unfair as we be still pay for her older sister .
any suggestion -CONST--0 - we be prepare to take the money and put it away for her future ( although i would n't admit that to her as she would want it sooner rather than later ) .
i do see her point , but be not prepare to let her get away with not pay anything .
thank for read .
do her sister earn any money ?
if she do n't , then you could speak to them both about the contribution you expect from them when they both start earn .
as for the car - did you pay for dd1s lesson ?
it seem unfair to not pay for dd2s if you do , and then to allow access to the car .
i do n't see why she would expect her own car if her sister share yours , although you will have to think about priority for who need the car and what you will do if both want the car !
let her get away without pay anything won't teach her anything for the future , but equally if she does't get the same treatment as her sister she 'll probably feel quite upset .
my grandaughter be in the final year of -CONST--0 of a hairdressing course ,
she have to work part @-@ time in a salon but do n't earn very much and the stuff she have have to buy @/@ keep replacing for the course have be very expensive.. so my daughter have have to help her by not actually take any keep money as long as she be on the course..
its meant my grandaughter have manage to pay for all her own clothe , fare , lunch , and go out money over the course..
my daughter be happy that she 'd find something she want to do and be able to near enough support herself through it..
as i say at the begin as an apprentice she will be earn peanuts..
i agree with what be be say tw .
to support dd1 to the tune that you be and then to expect dd2 to pay into the household on what i 'm sure will be a much less than minimum wage apprenticeship seem like a double blow to dd2 to me ! and i can appreciate her frustration .
i do think that whilst dd2 be do her apprenticeship she should be allow to retain -CONST--0 wage .
you should explain to her that this be your way of ensure that they be both treat equally in what be very different circumstance .
however i would also make clear that once either of them begin to earn a full time wage outside of college or apprenticeship that they will be expect to contribute to the house if they continue to live there !
i wish you well .
i 'm sorry but i can see your dd2 's point -
you say you would support her if she go to college but even though you agree that the apprenticeship would be a better career choice you 're prepare to penalise her for it .
if she be leave school to get a normal job i would agree she should contribute but this be basically her still study , just go about it in a slightly less conventional way .
have she arrange to apply for this herself ?
that to me show a lot of intitative and motivation for someone her age ,
rather then take the more mainstream option of college she have look into her option and gone for what will be best for her future career .
apprentice wage be extremely low so while she be on those could you maybe look at a compromise -
eg you will still provide her room and board ( the same as you be do for her sister ) but she have to pay all her expense out of -CONST--0 wage , ie -CONST--1 travel to work , lunch there if she need them , phone if she have it , any expense she need for work .
hmmmmmm hard one here !
normally i would say yes , take a nominal amount from your dd2 as she be now " work ", but as you be support dd1 , i can see why she might be cheesed off .
i guess it depends on how much she be earn during her ENT_ordinal-entity-0 year as an apprentice......
let say , for talk sake , it 's 100 -CONST--0 week ,
that 's still a lot of money for a school leaver who have no household expense or food to pay .
personally -CONST--0 would take a small amount , say 20 -CONST--1 week from her and , as you say , put it in a savings account for if she do decide to go travel in the future .
explain to here that it may not seem fair , but she be now earn , and the cost of this compare to live away from home , be minimal . or show her a breakdown of what a -CONST--0 @/@ -CONST--1 of all household cost would be .
in regard to the car , do your dd1 really need one ?
of course it be easier for her to get home at weekend , but can she not get the train / bus ?
when i be at uni , i think i could count the number of student who live away from home and have a car on one hand - the rest mnade do with a young person railcard .
and will your dd2 need a car ?
if the answer if no , neither of them really need it then i would suggest that they share the car ( -CONST--0 ENT_temporal-quantity-0 on / off , for example ) .
a car for a teenager / student , be an expensive luxury and with the rise cost of insurance and fuel , most parent cannot this for -CONST--0 child , let alone -CONST--1 .
if that be the case , after the child be born , the father will go to the mother 's home , and present the family matriarch with gift , ask to be accept as the father .
it 's extremely troublesome to get there via land .
this dynamic metropolis never cease its movement .
first , ENT_amr-unknown-0 be the biggest puzzle between NE_country-0 and the NE_country-1 ?
the boy want the girl to believe him .
the boy have a desire to be believe by the girl .
the girl adjust the machine .
the kill take place yesterday .
the boy must not go .
there be no possibility that the boy will go .
the girl be sad .
the sadness of the girl
the boy see the girl who want him .
the boy be likely to go .
the boy do n't think the NE_team-0 will win .
the comment be inappropriate
ENT_amr-unknown-0 do the girl find ?
the boy 's destruction of the room
NE_country-0 investor
chip maker
the soldier be aware of the battle .
the boy take a bath .
the nation default after the war .
the man die between the house and the river .
he be a participant in the scheme .
accord to ENT_government-organization-0 source , the kill happen yesterday .
the boy come and leave .
the boy be a hard worker .
the earlier plan
the girl be taller than the boy
naval official
NE_person-0
-CONST--0 boy
a billion and half atom
several -CONST--0 boy
between four and -CONST--0 boy
-CONST--0 mile
about -CONST--0 mile
-CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2
-CONST--0
summer -CONST--0
-CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0
the plane crash occur -CONST--0 mile east of NE_city-0 .
the woman buy -CONST--0 gallon of milk .
a large number of people gather .
the number of people increase .
-CONST--0 NE_country-0 dollar
-CONST--0 on the richter scale
wednesday , -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 , at 4 @:@ -CONST--3 pm -CONST--4
in the early -CONST--0 s
-CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 - -CONST--3 -CONST--4 , -CONST--5
NE_continent-0 be discover several -CONST--0 year ago .
-CONST--0
-CONST--0
1 @-@ 800 @-@ 555 @-@ 1212
winter -CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1
the girl do n't believe that the boy work hard .
-CONST--0 of the -CONST--1 country in NE_continent-0 be member of NE_military-0 .
-CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 of smoker die of lung cancer .
NE_person-0 be one of the few boy in NE_state-0 who speak NE_language-0 .
he be afraid of retaliation .
the boy want to eat an apple .
NE_person-0 life in NE_city-0 .
the girl want to eat a banana .
my cousin be a lawyer .
did he die ?
i see a cloud of dust .
a team of researcher make a discovery .
she drink a lot of tea .
the brightest boy
a worse plan
a plan that be too extreme
she heat the oven to -CONST--0 degree celsius .
she be the tallest girl on the team .
the boy sang very beautifully .
the old man die of lung cancer .
the roof of the house
ENT_amr-unknown-0 car be this ?
NE_person-0 , vice president of human resource for NE_company-0
he go to the store to buy wood for a new fence .
he work for -CONST--0 hour .
a brief exposure to radiation
there be no information about the case .
the mayor arrive with a police escort .
i eat pasta with tomato sauce .
i eat pasta with a fork .
he drive west , from NE_city-0 to NE_city-1 .
the boy met a girl from NE_country-0 .
my friend record a song for me .
the NE_ship-0 pass under the NE_bridge-0 .
a brief be file on behalf of the ENT_government-organization-0 .
animal such as giraffe
by law , the council include at least -CONST--0 member .
he be unaware of the problem .
-CONST--0 square mile
in the -CONST--0 soccer NE_game-0 final , NE_country-0 beat the NE_country-1 -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2 .
the boy can go .
the boy be able to go .
the boy must go .
the boy have to go .
the boy may go .
the boy be permit to go .
the boy should go .
it may rain .
the dollar trade at -CONST--0 euros , up from -CONST--1 euros on monday .
his behavior be predictable .
his income be taxable .
these be comparable book .
a special gubernatorial election will take place next tuesday .
microbial virus
ENT_amr-unknown-0 attacker die ?
ENT_amr-unknown-0 team win ?
this wednesday afternoon
my hand
a ring of gold
ceo of NE_company-0
the game will be canceled if it rain .
in the case of rain , the game will be canceled .
the game will be canceled unless the rain stop .
the game continue although it rain .
the game continue despite of the rain .
the game will continue even if it rain .
high tech company like NE_company-0 and NE_company-1
blame future be like blame the messenger .
go home !
let 's go home .
the symptom show up ENT_temporal-quantity-0 later .
he be likely to serve on the court for several decade .
he retire ENT_temporal-quantity-0 ago .
he retire more than -CONST--0 year ago .
the performance will take between -CONST--0 minute and -CONST--1 hour .
-CONST--0 of boy
more than $ -CONST--0
the boy run away .
he carry a sack of rice .
he drink a lot of beer .
they fear him even when he be behind bar .
supply will rise further even as demand taper off .
i like classical music , but NE_person-0 like jazz .
there be virtually no traffic .
NE_publication-0 , NE_city-0 , -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , by wire ( NE_person-0 and NE_person-1 )
( end )
the road go on forever .
she sometimes miss class .
i come . i see . i conquer .
yes
yes , i know .
no .
no , i do n't know .
( a ) background
group a : ( 1 ) NE_country-0 ( 2 ) NE_country-1 ( 3 ) NE_country-2 ( 4 ) NE_country-3
i have never smoke .
i never .
never do that again .
i drive to the store .
i drive from the store .
NE_road-0 drive to NE_city-0 on NE_road-1 .
i run around the track .
i drive through the tunnel .
i go to the store and back .
i pass the resort on my way to work .
the plane flew above us .
the train pass underneath us .
i go into the theater .
i go out of the theater .
i walk up to the window .
i back away from the window .
my friend run next to me .
the highway run alongside the river .
i throw the stone across the river .
i throw the stone towards the tree .
i throw the stone at the tree .
i swim across the river .
i go to NE_city-0 via NE_city-1 .
he say he would support them as long as they do n't break any rule .
he have to wait as long as -CONST--0 year .
you may stay for as long as you like .
as long as several decade
only -CONST--0 minute
the mayor propose to lower crime by hire more police officer .
we drive -CONST--0 mile towards the coast .
they sail away from the sunset .
the aircraft 's velocity reach -CONST--0 time the speed of sound .
the size of NE_continent-0 be as large as the NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 together .
the diameter of NE_planet-0 be about -CONST--0 @/@ -CONST--1 the sun 's diameter .
-CONST--0 NE_road-0 , NE_city-0 , NE_district-0 -CONST--1
to be or not to be : that be the question .
they be sleep .
there be a big explosion .
the knife be in the drawer .
our next meet will be on friday at -CONST--0 am .
my grandmother be -CONST--0 .
i think , therefore i be .
there be a knife in the drawer .
i know what you think .
are you hungry ?
i do n't know which country he be from .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 old be your father ?
NE_city-0 mayor NE_person-0 life in NE_city-district-0 .
NE_person-0 arrive .
NE_city-0
NE_person-0 laugh .
NE_person-0 be murder in -CONST--0 -CONST--1 .
-CONST--0 NE_country-0 legion be annihilate in the NE_battle-01-0 in -CONST--1 -CONST--2 .
the -CONST--0 NE_country-region-0 earthquake occured in the year -CONST--1 -CONST--2 .
academic year -CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1
NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 fiscal year -CONST--0
muharram -CONST--0 ah
adar ii -CONST--0
the NE_political-party-0 revolution start on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 .
the NE_political-party-0 revolution start on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 .
an earthquake of intensity -CONST--0 on the modify mercalli scale
a quake of magnitude -CONST--0 on the moment scale
-CONST--0 o'clock in the morning local time
-CONST--0 be NE_state-0 time
-CONST--0 @:@ -CONST--1 -CONST--2
NE_person-0 live from -CONST--0 -CONST--1 to -CONST--2 -CONST--3 .
it start to rain , but the game continue anyway .
it start to rain ; however , the game continue .
it start to rain ; nevertheless , the game continue .
nevertheless , the game continue .
the mayor announce his resignation on NE_product-0 .
the new book have be heavily advertise on the web .
NE_person-0 finish the marathon in -CONST--0 hour , -CONST--1 minute and -CONST--2 second .
chapter -CONST--0
a $ -CONST--0 meal
the book cost $ -CONST--0 .
NE_country-0
how beautiful you be .
what a great book !
may he rest in peace .
wow !
yippee !
dad , i need more money .
he be kind of sad .
the car be much too expensive .
NE_city-0 be utterly destroy .
most student do n't like math .
the most expensive dress
" we be rose , " say the rose .
the boy lose his toy .
the boy say , " i be hungry ."
when he open his eye , NE_person-0 see himself in the mirror .
when he open his eye , NE_person-0 try not to look at himself .
the NE_poet-0 be born in NE_city-0 .
NE_person-0 announce his decision to run for reelection .
the NE_poet-0 be born in NE_city-0 on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 .
the boy want to eat chocolate .
NE_person-0 say that his mother and his biology teacher support his decision to quit smoke .
NE_person-0 be a lawyer . the lawyer be famous . a famous lawyer . NE_person-1 be a famous lawyer .
the boy must leave . a boy who must leave .
the boy might come . a boy who might come .
i insist .
NE_person-0 be n't here , he must be sick .
in NE_country-0 , earthquake be rare .
approximately -CONST--0 to -CONST--1 ENT_percentage-entity-0
roughly $ -CONST--0
nearly -CONST--0 book
a pro @-@ NE_city-0 newspaper
anti @-@ NE_country-0 propaganda
an anti @-@ submarine aircraft
the police arrest several anti @-@ NE_person-0 protester .
weapon of mass destruction
nuclear weapon
the big fish want to eat the little fish .
he reply to her with a flame ( a hostile and insult email ) .
i uh do n't remember .
goodbye !
the project will cost approximately -CONST--0 rupee .
NE_organization-0 secretary general NE_person-0 traveled to NE_country-0 .
president NE_person-0
NE_country-0 be a member of NE_military-0 .
the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 planet
our ENT_ordinal-entity-0 visit in -CONST--0 year
we sit in the preantepenultimate pew .
should we increase security at the expense of democratic principle ?
he have his house repair at his own expense .
they live in the south of NE_country-0 .
they live in southern NE_country-0 .
they live in NE_country-0 .
i see NE_government-organization-0 NE_person-0 .
i see NE_person-0 .
he work for NE_company-0 .
she work for NE_bank-0 , the biggest bank in NE_country-0 .
she work for NE_bank-0 , a big NE_country-0 bank .
they lobby NE_government-organization-0 to repeal the -CONST--0 @-@ year @-@ old law .
ENT_ordinal-entity-0 victory in -CONST--0 game
-CONST--0 to -CONST--1 week
floor -CONST--0 and higher
the second to ENT_ordinal-entity-0 episode
NE_state-0 be the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 largest state in the NE_country-0
NE_country-0 be one of the largest country in the world .
NE_country-0 and the NE_country-1 be among the largest country in the world .
he be the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 to do this .
when i meet her for the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 time , NE_person-0 still work for NE_company-0 .
i meet his math teacher .
NE_state-0 governor NE_person-0
NE_country-0 agree to dismantle the nuclear reactor in return for economic aid .
the company pay $ -CONST--0 in return for the release of all claim .
the waste be dispose of in accordance with NE_government-organization-0 regulation .
lawmakers demand the ban of chemical weapon .
her ENT_ordinal-entity-0 child
at first , he refuse .
she @/@ he testify .
audio and @/@ or video component
during negotiation between NE_country-0 and the NE_country-1 , north korean official promise that the country will freeze its nuclear program .
during negotiation between NE_country-0 and the NE_country-1 , north korean official promise that NE_country-2 will freeze its nuclear program .
north korean official promise that NE_country-0 will soon begin to freeze its nuclear program .
-CONST--0 -CONST--1 year
$ -CONST--0 per gallon
every other week
every other wednesday
$ -CONST--0 a person every -CONST--1 mile whenever it snow
he earn $ -CONST--0 per year .
we recommend an oil change every -CONST--0 mile .
we play bridge every wednesday afternoon .
he call me every day at -CONST--0 am and 5 pm .
the charity send out an ENT_temporal-quantity-0 newsletter .
NE_country-0 foreign minister NE_person-0
NE_country-0 NE_government-organization-0 operation director major general NE_person-0
NE_military-0 general NE_person-0
the head of the NE_government-organization-0 of NE_country-0 NE_person-0
NE_government-organization-0 NE_political-party-0 kill the bill .
the president return to NE_city-0 .
NE_school-0 history NE_person-0
NE_university-0 associate professor for mathematics NE_person-0
history NE_person-0
i have to renew my car insurance every -CONST--0 month .
we meet often .
we meet several ENT_temporal-quantity-0 -CONST--0 ENT_temporal-quantity-1 .
-CONST--0 close the door .
-CONST--0 you close the door ?
would you -CONST--0 close the door ?
we meet only -CONST--0 .
we meet -CONST--0 time .
-CONST--0 you tell me ENT_amr-unknown-0 time it be ?
NE_person-0 be elect president of the NE_country-0 in -CONST--0 .
i will leave in -CONST--0 minute .
the police interview more than -CONST--0 witness in the -CONST--1 month after the murder .
the police identify the murderer -CONST--0 month after the murder .
we have visit NE_city-0 -CONST--0 in the last -CONST--1 year .
she talk to him in NE_language-0 .
he be the school janitor .
he clean bathroom and empty the trash for the school .
NE_person-0 be the NE_government-organization-0 chief of staff .
they will get marry -CONST--0 week from tomorrow .
inflation be expect to rise during the next -CONST--0 year .
NE_country-0 president NE_person-0 announce his decision to run for reelection .
NE_country-0 spend -CONST--0 yuan rmb on water conservation .
NE_city-0 .
he work for NE_publication-0 .
he work for the news NE_agency-0 .
they come from NE_country-0 's NE_country-region-0 .
NE_country-0 launch the NE_spaceship-0 spacecraft .
the game continue in spite of the rain .
i read it in the newspaper .
they talk about the weather .
NE_person-0 cross the NE_ocean-0 in the NE_aircraft-0 .
the NE_aircraft-type-0 seat up to -CONST--0 passenger .
the child be in great danger .
we need to keep that in mind .
do n't give in to blackmail .
they take in a stray cat .
the boy will go .
we shall overcome .
he decorate the room in a creative way .
NE_country-0 launch a missile attack .
NE_person-0 go to NE_country-0 by train .
NE_person-0 be our NE_language-0 teacher .
i book the hotel online .
he hit the lamp with his head .
he catch the fish with a net .
he eat the pizza with his finger .
he recover the frisbee with a long stick .
the company obtain the permit through bribery .
of course i know .
deputy minister of defense
NE_person-0 be the prime minister of the NE_country-0 .
he sell -CONST--0 of his -CONST--1 horse .
a state @-@ of @-@ the @-@ art missile defense system
the dinosaur become extinct -CONST--0 of year ago .
leukemia be a kind of cancer .
leukemia be a type of cancer .
leukemia be a form of cancer .
leukemia be some sort of cancer .
he life in the NE_town-0 .
a hotel on the NE_island-0
the knife in the drawer
a paint by NE_person-0
his health improve little by little .
he can recite the poem by heart .
i will send you the information by email .
the dolphin want to breathe .
the dolphin surface to breathe .
the match have be canceled due to the rain .
he lose close to $ -CONST--0 .
source close to the investigation
he life close to the church .
class be about to start .
i be tempt to buy his boat .
it rain for about -CONST--0 minute .
i see about -CONST--0 pelican .
but that 's not his fault .
NE_person-0 , however , stay at home .
import increase , while export fall sharply .
the package be deliver while he be away .
NE_country-0 , on the other hand , be a monarchy .
the package be deliver on time .
the missionary traveled -CONST--0 mile on horseback .
he be injure and therefore unable to play .
i can n't do work at home , because she shout at me .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 do the chicken cross the road ?
the earthquake cause a tsunami .
the number of cancer death have be increase .
more intelligent
he leave last week .
she spend at most $ -CONST--0 on the gift .
by and large , that information be accurate .
the dinosaur die out at the end of the NE_era-0 .
the NE_country-0 era end in -CONST--0 .
score of people drown when the boat sank .
four score and seven year ago
the sad girl
more than -CONST--0 year ago
he life in NE_city-0 .
those boy
he be my brother @-@ in @-@ law .
@supertroll91 , shut up .
the explosion occured -CONST--0 kilometers ( 50 mile ) south of NE_city-0 .
NE_country-0 ( us )
all the boy leave .
no boy leave .
the boy and the girl
the big and heavy ball
the boy arrive and leave on tuesday .
the girl who adjust the machine
NE_person-0 's car
many boy
the girl adjust the machine .
half a gallon
-CONST--0 and -CONST--1 make -CONST--2 .
beach hotel
NE_city-0 , NE_state-0
ENT_amr-unknown-0 do you arrive ?
he oversleep again .
he arrive at 2 @:@ -CONST--0 pm .
country with huge deficit
NE_world-region-0 country ( e.g . the NE_country-0 , the NE_country-1 and NE_country-2 )
he buy flower for his mother .
lunch money
ENT_government-organization-0 figure
NE_person-0 be the former dictator of NE_country-0 .
mainland NE_country-0
NE_country-0 , for example , be not a member of NE_military-0 .
he 's a professor at NE_university-0 .
NE_country-0 's youth be the most at risk .
as we predict , he win .
he act as if he own the company .
i must stop now as the shuttle leave in -CONST--0 minute .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 do this cost ?
ENT_amr-unknown-0 tall be you ?
ENT_amr-unknown-0 do you solve the problem ?
ENT_amr-unknown-0 do you get him to help you ?
NE_person-0 work at NE_research-institute-0 .
penguin , for instance , can n't fly .
a former NE_criminal-organization-0 leader
NE_person-0 be a libertarian .
a coin from the former NE_country-0
the archaeologist visit NE_city-0 , the former -CONST--0 .
NE_person-0 return to NE_city-0 .
the -CONST--0 @-@ year @-@ old president order nachos .
the bus arrive .
the driver open the door .
his mother
NE_person-0 and NE_person-1 be husband and wife .
my good old friend NE_person-0
she be his lawyer in the patent infringement suit .
NE_city-0 be a sister city of NE_city-1 .
NE_city-0 and NE_city-1 be sister city .
NE_country-0 NE_state-0 's winter capital NE_city-0
NE_person-0 's ex @-@ husband NE_person-1
NE_country-0 president NE_person-0 announce his decision to run for reelection .
you will always be my friend .
she have many friend .
while NE_person-0 's remark be a sign of progress they be not sufficient .
NE_person-0 give the book to NE_person-1 instead of NE_person-2 .
NE_person-0 go for an early morning bike ride instead of sleep in .
job creation be not expect to slow down but will instead accelerate .
the boy be not injure at all .
he want to win at all cost .
he tell me that he can n't come after all .
after all , he be still my brother .
after all these year
physicist from all over the world
the girl be all alone .
i 'm not angry , but disappoint .
i would rather go swim than watch golf .
i wear shoe that be comfortable as oppose to stylish .
in lieu of flower , -CONST--0 make a donation to NE_organization-0 .
she should solve the problem rather than complain about it .
the clinic advise him to take methadone in place of heroin .
he be rather arrogant .
NE_person-0 still love his ex .
NE_person-0 's baby cry .
NE_person-0 meet his partner online .
NE_person-0 's family be very poor .
NE_country-0 be an important trade partner of the NE_country-1 .
NE_person-0 return to NE_province-0 in NE_country-0 .
it 's hard to be humble .
hard to believe that NE_person-0 speak -CONST--0 language .
it be a problem that glacier be melt .
the problem be glacier be melt .
that be a long flight .
the children 's choir sang beautifully .
the poet NE_doctor-0
NE_person-0 be half NE_country-0 .
the last week of -CONST--0
ENT_amr-unknown-0 long will the meet last ?
he sell the company last -CONST--0 .
he lose -CONST--0 pound over the last -CONST--1 month .
revenue will double over the next -CONST--0 year .
-CONST--0 have be wait for her for the past few week .
i pass the exam this past year .
he call this past tuesday .
she have use drug in the past .
we drive past the hotel .
he lose over -CONST--0 pound .
we have no control over the media .
NE_country-0 start to take over NE_peninsula-0 .
we tell him over and over to leave .
the plane flew over the NE_canyon-0 .
if this happen again , i will resign .
something weird take place in the park .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 happen in NE_country-0 ?
instead , they find an old coin .
she be a little bit nervous .
he be quite a bit older .
the wall be black .
the wall have be blacken by smoke .
the ratio of boy to girl in the class be -CONST--0 @:@ -CONST--1 .
NE_person-0 discover a valuable coin .
the girl make an adjustment to the machine .
NE_continent-0 country
hot ! !! -CONST--0
he look up the word " -CONST--0 ".
a -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 interest rate
account # -CONST--0
NE_person-0 score a -CONST--0 @/@ -CONST--1 in math .
on a scale of -CONST--0 to -CONST--1 , ENT_amr-unknown-0 pain do you feel ?
parliament vote -CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 to adopt the bill .
a surface @-@ to @-@ surface missile
a procedure to ensure quality
a procedure to ensure quality
if i remember correctly , he lose .
the woman who nominate her boss
the woman who lost her scarf
he could hardly breathe .
NE_country-0 be especially angry .
the issue be really important .
recently discover animal
behaviorally modern human
do you really think so ?
that 's a really big fish .
the earthquake occur in NE_country-0 's remote eastern NE_province-0 .
so far , not .
so far , he do n't come .
you be so beautiful !
it rain , so we postpone the game .
so , ENT_amr-unknown-0 do you think ?
she buy an axe so that she could chop down the tree .
i 'm sick too .
i have -CONST--0 bicycle .
she fail the test , but remain optimistic nonetheless .
she remain optimistic nonetheless .
somehow , she find out about it .
i have no doubt whatsoever .
he find something else .
everybody else have already leave .
we insist that you adhere to the contract or else we will sue you .
there be another fire alarm , but i have to leave anyway .
anyway , i have to leave now .
be there anyway to fix this ?
call -CONST--0 if he come back anyway .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 big be the dog that bit you ?
i 'm not that rich .
in order for you to participate in the barbecue , you must sign up by wednesday .
the boy want to be kiss .
she 's sleep .
he 's be drink .
today 's earthquake
NE_person-0 's resignation
NE_person-0 's brain
NE_country-0 's ENT_government-organization-0
britains 's defense minister
NE_person-0 's football team
NE_person-0 : NE_publication-0 ( -CONST--0 ) NE_journal-0 , -CONST--1 ( -CONST--2 ): -CONST--3 @-@ -CONST--4 ( in NE_language-0 )
NE_person-0 , NE_person-1 , NE_person-2 and NE_person-3 : NE_publication-0 NE_conference-0 -CONST--0 , pp. -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
table -CONST--0
figure -CONST--0
as show in table -CONST--0 , accuracy improve with the amount of train data .
we treat NE_cell-line-0 cell with hrg NE_ligand-0 to induce maximal NE_enzyme-0 phosphorylation ( fig . -CONST--0 ) .
the theory of special relativity be introduce by ( NE_person-0 , -CONST--0 ) .
the protein can then be deacetylated . ( NE_person-0 et al. , -CONST--0 )
NE_country-0 military defeat have be study extensively ( -CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 ) .
the girl be as tall as the boy .
he run as fast as lightning .
he traveled as far as NE_country-0 .
he will come as soon as possible .
he run as fast as he could .
police seize -CONST--0 pound of heroin as well as -CONST--1 machine gun .
she move out as soon as she turn -CONST--0 .
the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 snowfall come as early as -CONST--0 -CONST--1 .
as far as i know , he be ill .
as far as i remember , NE_organization-0 be from NE_city-0 .
as far as the ceo be concern , he be the best at everything .
as far as NE_country-0 be concern , i 'm not too worry .
as much as i would like to come , i can n't .
as amusing as a NE_person-0 presidential candidacy would be , it will never happen .
her fingernail be as long as her finger .
the bicycle cost as much as $ -CONST--0 .
we fear that as many as -CONST--0 people drown in the ferry disaster .
we estimate that the cartel make as much as $ -CONST--0 from drug traffic .
he sell as many car as his competitor .
he buy as much beer as he could carry .
NE_person-0 visit all country except NE_country-0 .
i solve the math problem on my own .
i solve the software problem by myself .
police arrive within -CONST--0 minute of the accident .
all building within -CONST--0 mile of the explosion be damage .
the mayor act within the law .
they own -CONST--0 acre of land within the city .
he damage his own car .
she will extract your tooth without hurt you .
she work in an office without a window .
NE_person-0 go through with his plan .
the energy will be supply through wind turbine .
the war rage from -CONST--0 through -CONST--1 .
i 'll be here through friday .
the queen herself drive the car .
she work in a windowless office .
this book be less expensive .
the exam will take less than -CONST--0 minute .
i feel absolutely helpless .
she arrive at the party without her husband .
the soldier leave the checkpoint without permission .
the company successfully promote its new product .
when she arrive , he be still asleep .
when all else fail , i use superglue .
NE_small-molecule-0 emission have an effect on climate .
the law effect major education reform .
the drug have serious side effect .
in effect , the fund cut thwart the new project .
solution with a ph less than -CONST--0 be say to be acidic .
he speak very good NE_language-0 .
the candidate 's ENT_ordinal-entity-0 immigration reform speech in NE_language-0
the NE_language-0 NE_newspaper-0
he speak to the audience about NE_language-0 in NE_language-1 .
the NE_country-0 town bomb in -CONST--0 be recently hit by deadly wave , cause devastate destruction .
the attack occur in the NE_district-0 of the southern NE_province-0 .
they live in southern NE_country-0 .
the attack occur in the NE_district-0 of NE_province-0 in southern NE_country-0 .
it do n't appear it will rain tomorrow .
i do n't want to leave .
he die within week of the divorce .
a -CONST--0 earthquake struck eastern NE_country-0 , kill -CONST--1 people in the NE_village-0 , severely damage many of its building , and trigger an international aid response .
i know that NE_person-0 be rich .
i know NE_person-0 to be rich .
we know your word to be true .
i know a lot about NE_city-0 .
i know NE_city-0 very well .
i have never know a lady to faint in the belfry .
i know NE_language-0 .
i know how to swim .
the software be intend to increase productivity .
the fugitive be believe to hide in NE_country-0 .
NE_person-0 be know to be rich .
i oppose weapon intend for kill other human .
the murderer be hang in public .
the board discuss a possible sale of the company .
he traveled along the coast for -CONST--0 mile .
i have to attend a meet that last -CONST--0 hour .
the knight be kill by a sword blow .
i have live here since -CONST--0 .
for NE_company-0 , analyst expect a profit of $ -CONST--0 per share on revenue of $ -CONST--1 .
notwithstanding the rain , the game continue .
the accommodation be less than ideal .
memory be less of a problem than speed .
for their honeymoon , the couple flew ENT_ordinal-entity-0 class to NE_state-0 .
we hold these truth to be self @-@ evident , that all men be create equal , that they be endow by their creator with certain unalienable right , that among these be life , liberty and the pursuit of happiness .
NE_person-0 say that when rich country increase their consumption , they also accelerate the exploitation of the world 's national resource , with the result that they emit more greenhouse gas .
this will ultimately accelerate the speed of desertification in NE_world-region-0 country and other area of the world .
the ice sheet have melt earlier this season .
consequently , expert have predict that the world have at least -CONST--0 year within which to lower the volume of greenhouse gas emission before it be too late to redeem the situation .
a jeweler 's shop in NE_city-0 display a swimsuit , dress and shawl to go with it make of pure gold thread today . these be make by a workshop in the ancient capital , NE_city-1 .
NE_city-0 's NE_company-0 say that the hand - woven gold dress weigh -CONST--0 kilogram , with a value of -CONST--1 NE_country-0 yen ( about 8.06 million nt dollar ) .
the low - cut gold swimsuit with a low back weigh -CONST--0 gram , with a sale price of -CONST--1 NE_country-0 yen .
a spokesperson for the company say , " the dress and swimsuit can be wear just like ordinary clothe , but must be treat the same as jewelry , and cannot be wash in a wash machine . "
the company be also display a relatively inconspicuous gold wall tapestry , which can be use to decorate the live room , at a price of -CONST--0 NE_country-0 yen ( about 13.42 million nt dollar ) .
the NE_city-0 emergency service say that altogether -CONST--0 people have be send to hospital for treatment due to minor wound .
after the -CONST--0 passenger on the train be strand for -CONST--1 hour , they be guide through the tunnel to a safe place .
last week there be -CONST--0 fail car bomb attack in NE_city-0 and NE_city-1 , and NE_country-0 only yesterday lower its terrorist alert level from " critical " to " serious . "
this new strain of genetically modify potato have be develop by NE_company-0 , a giant NE_country-0 chemical company .
however , some environmental protection group have criticize the NE_organization-0 's find , warn that these potato contain a gene that be resistant to certain antibiotic .
the NE_building-0 , estimate to be complete next year , be one item among numerous sumptuous construction project in NE_city-0 .
the clean - up work at the site have now be complete .
arm police , public security police , medical personnel , among others , be make their best rescue effort .
accord to a report on NE_country-0 's NE_website-0 , the old man , who be -CONST--0 year old this year , be originally call NE_person-0 , but as an officer thought this name to be uncultured when he enlist in the army as a young man , he change the name for him to NE_person-1 - han with the intend mean of " make the NE_country-1 world prosperous . " although the name 's homophone always get him laugh at , he do n't mind at all .
NE_person-0 hope to see " the audit body audit " before he leave office .
he say that establish clean ENT_government-organization-0 be the very lifeline of audit work .
the audit body need to further strengthen its internal management , keep the audit team under strict control , take the initiative in accept outside supervision , and voluntarily publicize detail of its internal financial audit .
audit cadre must require themselves to adhere to the standard they apply when audit others .
to forge iron , you must ENT_ordinal-entity-0 temper yourself . " if you be dishonest yourself , ENT_amr-unknown-0 can you make others honest ? "
the question be now , can we broaden out a bit the NE_organization-0 director 's train of thought ?
do prosecute authority dare to be " prosecute ? "
do industrial and commercial department dare to be " supervise ? "
it seem that some people be get more and more narrow - mind : they only know how to make demand ; they do n't know how to repay people for -CONST--0 kindness .
after the old couple 's invitation to him to spend the NE_festival-0 with them be reject , they actually take the initiative to lend -CONST--0 own vehicle to the young person .
at time like this , we need refine manner , that be , let your heart always know gratitude !
an old man who be close to death call his son and daughter before him , and tell them a story of how he be help by someone , instruct his descendant to repay that person .
this be the most beautiful gift an old man can leave the world .
he make people realize the strength of gratitude and touch nature of reciprocation .
-CONST--0 year ago , a friend whom -CONST--1 have n't see for many year find me , and say he want to do some business .
i ask -CONST--0 how much capital -CONST--1 have .
when i hear that , i immediately burst out laughing . ENT_amr-unknown-0 can you do with -CONST--0 yuan ?
sure enough it be n't long before my friend open a -CONST--0 - yuan shoeshine shop on a busy street corner .
otherwise , even give more opportunity , you can still lose them .
NE_person-0 say that the past -CONST--0 year have be -CONST--1 year when NE_province-0 see a rapid development in its reform and open up and the modernization construction , and make brilliant achievement .
NE_person-0 give some view on improve the work of science and technology association in the new period .
must fully bring into play the bridge and link role of science and technology association and organization and work hard on promote social harmony ;
( correspondent NE_person-0 and press correspondent for NE_organization-0 )
this will be the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 NE_country-0 enterprise directly launch on the main board of the NE_organization-0 .
the NE_organization-0 say that this company will officially be list on the stock exchange on -CONST--0 .
on the -CONST--0 th , -CONST--1 of NE_country-0 's strategic bomber fly for a short time close to NE_country-1 airspace , and -CONST--2 fighter plane from the NE_military-0 urgently take off to intercept them .
NE_country-0 deputy minister of foreign affair NE_person-0 say that this move by NE_country-1 have cause relation between the two NE_country-2 to become directly confrontational .
the meet commend -CONST--0 of NE_city-0 's brandname product and service enterprise in -CONST--1 , and make arrangement for further step in the brandname strategic promotion work .
NE_publication-0 , NE_city-0 , -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , special sport wire ( correspondent NE_person-0 ) the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 tour of NE_game-0 , which will start soon , have attract a lot of attention .
staff with the tour organize committee reveal that the level of support give by NE_group-0 this time will be the highest in the history of the tour .
during the performance of more than -CONST--0 hour , -CONST--1 NE_country-0 shaolin athlete took turn in take the stage and demonstrate their skill .
the whole audience be knock out watch NE_show-0 , NE_show-1 , NE_show-2 , and NE_show-3 . NE_show-4 give the foreigner endless surprise at the hard - head hero that NE_country-0 martial art have create .
and performance such as " NE_show-0 , " and " NE_show-1 " dazzle people ; while " NE_show-2 " and
NE_team-0 be due to leave NE_country-0 on the -CONST--0 th of this month to go to NE_country-1 to continue their performance tour .
NE_person-0 say that the global economy be perform very well , and the scene of prosperity be emerge globally .
he point out that the NE_country-0 central bank and the NE_country-1 central bank have both recently raise their interest rate , so as to curb inflation expectation .
i 'll be return to my country in -CONST--0 . now there be -CONST--1 place i can go to . can everyone help me see which be more suitable for me ?
1 . NE_organization-0 . to be train accord to the NE_show-0 and pay accord to the NE_show-1 benefit , but there be no guarantee i will definitely get it .
although there be still paper to be publish after i return to my country , they 're quite useless for the application to the NE_show-0 .
-CONST--0 . a ENT_ordinal-entity-0 tier provincial university , professor , -CONST--1 - -CONST--2 yuan house subsidy and -CONST--3 yuan research grant .
i can work on my current research topic .
i can only be an advisor for the NE_program-0 's program . they do n't have doctoral programs as of today .
my husband suggest that -CONST--0 go to -CONST--1 because the start point be higher , the current pay be alright , and if -CONST--2 can n't make it there in future -CONST--3 can still go to -CONST--4 .
the university be in the suburb ; the school district be fairly ordinary , and there be not many choice in term of house .
later on , my teacher take me in his arm and i feel it very soft and very warm . after that , i get up and give my teacher a kiss on the forehead .
it be not only that . he also say the old bicycle be buy at a roadside yard sale by his retire friend , and not free of charge .
he just emailed that friend to ask him ENT_amr-unknown-0 it cost .
however , my friend have to work and very probably cannot come back immediately . i 'm afraid -CONST--0 can n't drag for these few day .
NE_person-0 be select by NE_team-0 as ENT_ordinal-entity-0 pick but he be n't willing to play there , lead to much heat discussion recently .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 must he go to a city with many NE_country-0 people ?
actually , so what if he go to NE_city-0 ? there be no superstar there , but this be exactly his chance .
moreover , he be not qualify to bargain with his owner when he have yet to prove his power on the NE_league-0 court .
on ENT_ordinal-entity-0 thought , he can absolutely play in another city when his rookie player contract end after -CONST--0 to -CONST--1 year .
NE_person-0 's team be obviously a notch better in term of attitude and way of deal with thing . i really do not wish for NE_person-1 's team to become the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 NE_person-2 .
star : NE_person-0 , NE_person-1
dialog language : NE_language-0 / NE_language-1 / NE_language-2
-CONST--0 year of NE_war-0 end in -CONST--1 .
in early -CONST--0 , NE_person-0 , the NE_country-0 envoy to the NE_country-1 , go to NE_country-2 to participate in the NE_conference-0 as the plenipotentiary of his own country 's ENT_government-organization-0 .
NE_person-0 , NE_person-1 's good friend , be arrest by french police for organize a strike in NE_city-0 to fight for equal pay for equal work for NE_country-0 worker in NE_country-1 .
however , his extreme action of join korean revolutionists in bomb the hotel the NE_country-0 delegation live in make NE_country-1 and NE_country-2 the center of public opinion .
the NE_conference-0 reject NE_country-0 's just request in the end and decide to let NE_country-1 take over NE_country-2 's special right over NE_peninsula-0 .
this cause the momentous " NE_movement-0 to break out in the country , and NE_person-0 and others also protest in NE_city-0 .
1 . best season - edible vinegar : help you relieve tiredness and be very good in inhibit bacteria .
3 . best soup - tomato soup : tomato lycopene have a certain function that protect the heart .
5 . best beverage - hot tea : hot tea 's cool ability far exceed that of cold beverage . it be superior among beverage that relieve summer heat .
6 . best nutrition - vitamin e : scientific study show that vitamin e can minimize the danger indices of sunlight , ozone , and fatigue .
9 . best cool " equipment " - hand - held fan : though the fan be already an " antique , " its fitness effect be what any other modern cool equipment cannot compare with .
10 . best health care measure - go to bed and get up at a fix time : there be longer hour of sunlight in summer . dawn come early and dusk come late .
early to bed and early to rise can help all kind of biological rhythm in our body to tick peacefully , and you will also wake up naturally and comfortably in the morning .
do they still have time to wait for us to succeed ?
do they still have time to wait for us to earn money to let them have a good life and let them be proud of us ???
find a way out for your own life
thing that hurt people , do n't say them ;
happy thing , say them depending on the occasion ;
thing about others , say them carefully ;
thing for now , say after you 've do them ;
NE_product-0 be not a fish tank screen saver that be currently in fashion ; instead it turn your desktop directly into an aquarium , with beautiful fish swim on your desktop while you work .
when you 're stuck in a long line of car jam and can n't move , you often earnestly wish to be teleported to where you want to go .
currently a group of NE_country-0 physicist be accelerate their work to realize everybody 's wish .
i hope that in our lifetime we have a chance to report to you the news that they have start to experiment on the human body .
when i use the remote control to switch on the television , the screen indicator light respond but fail to light up .
could it be that the television be break ?
i find out online that NE_television-0 have similar problem ( NE_television-1 , NE_television-2 ) . could it be the result of abnormal voltage cause by the summer electricity consumption peak ?
i 'll consult NE_company-0 tomorrow by ENT_phone-number-entity-0 ( NE_model-0 ( sh ) ) : -CONST--0 , -CONST--1 .
despite all this , president NE_person-0 confirm his confidence in the NE_country-0 prime minister , NE_person-1 , and say that he be find him excuse because " the situation be tough . "
the report , which be -CONST--0 page long , say that the NE_person-0 ENT_government-organization-0 achieve only -CONST--1 out of the -CONST--2 objective , with -CONST--3 of which rate as " weak . "
he say that withdraw NE_country-0 force without an improvement in the security situation " would represent a disaster . "
he call upon NE_government-organization-0 to avoid limit the number of force in NE_country-0 , point out that it be an idea that lack wisdom , today and in the future .
it say that NE_city-0 support a network that send between -CONST--0 to -CONST--1 suicide bomber ENT_temporal-quantity-0 to " NE_criminal-organization-0 " in NE_country-0 .
the commission conclude in its latest report that the person name NE_person-0 , who claim responsibility for execute the assassination , have no relation whatsoever with the assassination of NE_person-1 .
the commission could not yet identify the nationality and the name of the person who execute the operation .
at the same time , he stress the importance of the cooperation of the member state . the NE_organization-0 be set to discuss the NE_person-0 report next week .
NE_person-0 , deputy secretary general of the NE_organization-0 , head the -CONST--0 captive ' list , who be release yesterday by NE_country-0 as a goodwill gesture .
he spend -CONST--0 year out of an original total of -CONST--1 .
the free captive ' list include -CONST--0 women and -CONST--1 minor .
the NE_country-0 president NE_person-0 promise to release more and confirm that this would only be the begin .
- NE_city-0 : development in the situation in NE_country-0 , where violent act waste the life of -CONST--0 civilian in -CONST--1 in comparison to -CONST--2 in -CONST--3 .
- NE_camp-0 ( NE_country-0 ) : intermittent clash continue between the lebanese army and the NE_movement-0 in the NE_camp-1 NE_country-1 refugee camp in northern NE_country-2 .
- NE_city-0 : talk with NE_country-0 president NE_person-0 .
- gaza : development of the situation in the NE_country-region-0 of the NE_organization-0 movement after -CONST--0 NE_country-0 air strike which result in the murder of -CONST--1 people .
- NE_city-0 : NE_country-0 interior minister NE_person-0 discuss specifically the terrorism dossier of the " astray group " ( the NE_country-1 branch of the NE_criminal-organization-0 ) during an ordinary meet of the NE_government-organization-0 .
- NE_city-0 : an NE_country-0 court will issue a decision regard the possibility of release , for health reason , the NE_country-1 opposition NE_person-0 , who have be imprison for a year and a half .
- NE_city-0 : the funeral of the NE_country-0 billionaire NE_person-0 , son - in - law of the late president NE_person-1 who die in NE_city-1 in dubious circumstance .
NE_city-0 -CONST--0 - -CONST--1 - -CONST--2 ( a. f. p ) - the NE_country-0 NE_government-organization-0 declare on tuesday NE_city-1 's readiness to hold new direct negotiation with NE_country-1 regard the situation in NE_country-2 .
NE_country-0 foreign minister , NE_person-0 , announce tuesday that a new meet between NE_country-1 and NE_country-2 official on NE_country-3 could be hold in the " near future , " accord to what NE_country-4 media say .
the NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 hold on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 th their ENT_ordinal-entity-0 high - level official talk , since break diplomatic relation in -CONST--2 .
NE_city-0 -CONST--0 - -CONST--1 - -CONST--2 ( NE_publication-0 ) - the NE_country-0 men 's team win the gold medal for the 4x100 meter relay today , sunday , in the last day of the -CONST--3 th NE_event-0 in the NE_country-1 capital NE_city-1 .
or be it a result of a combined effort ?
but the stage method weaken the ENT_government-organization-0 's role to the benefit of the party , so it lose some credibility .
so much that we really live now in a society of category : judge , university professor , doctor , police , the military , worker , teacher ... etc.
NE_doctor-0 say : we be indeed think of the unified civil employment law in order to replace the labor law
in which the basis would be the job description , which would help in restructure the ENT_government-organization-0 body , even though the project be still in its research and study phase .
that , in my opinion , be the miss formula in the performance of the ENT_government-organization-0 and the party .
NE_person-0 of the NE_organization-0 delegation to NE_country-0 , announce yesterday that the agency reach an agreement with NE_city-0 on the method of manage the negotiation regard its nuclear program .
NE_country-region-0 - by NE_person-0 :
a draft resolution be prepare enable the formation of a NE_organization-0 and NE_organization-1 force of -CONST--0 soldier and policemen and permit the wide use of force to protect civilian in NE_country-region-0 .
what if you wake up one morning and be convince that your life have go from the very ENT_ordinal-entity-0 moment until the last in the wrong direction ?
you do n't like the study you choose , nor be you satisfy by the job you take , nor the wife you love have make you happy , nor the dream you hang on to be achieve ?
but the difference in point of view change nothing of the matter ... and more often than not the best direction be to change the direction !
and NE_person-0 actually traveled to NE_city-0 along with his son , NE_person-1 , and his brother , NE_person-2 .
the israeli newspaper that be publish yesterday devoted supplement to the -CONST--0 year anniversary of the NE_war-0 , which cover the different aspect of this war and its repercussion on NE_country-0 .
accord to NE_person-0 in NE_publication-0 , the biggest loser in this war be NE_person-1 and the NE_political-party-0 , and the theory of unilateral NE_country-0 withdrawal .
on the other hand , the war have strengthen the position of the right and its NE_person-0 , and it help to bring NE_person-1 back to the ENT_government-organization-0 .
but the most critical review be the -CONST--0 by NE_person-0 in NE_newspaper-0 . he write : " did we win the war that broke out exactly -CONST--1 year ago , or be we defeat ?
not exactly .
but since NE_country-0 must win the confrontation with its enemy , the draw equal a defeat .
be our position today better than what it be -CONST--0 year ago on the eve of the war ?
be the position of NE_political-party-0 better today than it be -CONST--0 year ago ?
no , the party have be deal quite a major military blow , but from another point of view , it achieve an important moral victory .
it be true that it be push back off the border fence , but -CONST--0 be entrench and fortify -CONST--1 to the north of the NE_river-0 .
it withstand its confrontation with the NE_country-0 military might , but it lose many of its troop and lose the element of surprise .
NE_person-0 be in a real hole and NE_person-1 be in a virtual one , since -CONST--0 approval rate be almost equal to zero and the danger of the vinograd report be lurk on the horizon .
this be the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 time that the big powerful NE_ethnic-group-0 state stand openly with NE_country-0 in its war on an NE_religious-group-0 - NE_ethnic-group-1 enemy .
the global struggle of civilization be happen here on our land before the eye of the world .
it be not for nothing that NE_continent-0 send the multinational force to south NE_country-0 , and the NE_country-1 be deploy all that they have leave to support the NE_person-0 ENT_government-organization-0 in NE_city-0 .
everyone know that NE_country-0 control over NE_country-1 and the imminent NE_country-2 departure from NE_country-3 will contribute to the downfall of NE_religious-group-0 in the NE_world-region-0 and the supremacy of the fundamentalist .
be the army rebuild its force ?
the new chief of staff be the right person in the right place .
therefore , i call upon the citizen in general , and those of NE_city-0 in particular , to show their support for the NE_country-0 army through civilized and democratic behavior as be their habit in this area .
at the top of the list of this wave of profit come NE_company-0 , which lead the stock market upward before and be now lead it downward .
share of the suwaidi cable company , which be -CONST--0 of the best perform company in the recent period , also fall by -CONST--1 ENT_percentage-entity-0 to close at a price of -CONST--2 pound per share .
NE_person-0 say that the share price of NE_company-0 have almost double over the past -CONST--0 month . therefore , it be natural that we see such a readiness to sell .
it be obvious that it be a correction process for the market , and it be natural after the wave of high performance .
but the drop do not prevail over the entire market .
the NE_company-0 also achieve slight gain . its share price rise by -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 to -CONST--1 pound .
the dollar equal -CONST--0 NE_country-0 pound .
the statement , which be publish on an electronic website that be use by islamists , say that NE_criminal-organization-0 NE_military-0 in the NE_religious-group-0 NE_world-region-0 country raid -CONST--0 apostate centers in the NE_city-0 in NE_province-0 .
it be not possible to confirm the credibility of this statement from an independent source .
the statement add , " the overall result of the raid be the annihilation of no less than -CONST--0 apostate , between the dead and injure . "
the source add that the remainder of the arm NE_religious-group-0 group member manage to flee . -CONST--0 people be wound within the army rank .
NE_criminal-organization-0 say that the NE_military-0 return safely without any significant injury in their rank .
this -CONST--0 -CONST--1 th , the NE_government-organization-0 of NE_country-0 announce that NE_country-1 will move toward closing and seal its nuclear facility in NE_county-0 after receive the -CONST--2 shipment of the fuel oil assistance .
accord to a previous agreement between NE_city-0 and NE_city-1 , NE_country-0 will deliver a total of -CONST--0 ton of heavy fuel oil within -CONST--1 day of deliver the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 shipment of oil .
field of work for NE_country-0 woman ( miss specialization and useless qualification )
these success open the door wide to question about the absence of these specialization from the university , college and institute of the kingdom .
did that lead to women 's absence or exclusion from practicing these profession as a consequence of the non - existence of these specialization , which be also why they be not in the labor market ?
the survey respond to all these question .
i apologize to all my beloved friend for lack of interaction regard response or delay in make them due to the limitation to -CONST--0 response and -CONST--1 subject per day . -CONST--2
the buffet and restaurant of the neighborhood become popular with the attendees , and what a happy marriage it be .
no writer be immortal *** and eternity shall preserve what his -CONST--0 hand write *** so , with your hand , write good book *** may he ease your way to see him on NE_event-0 .
the NE_government-organization-0 have demand that the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 stop broadcast the NE_organization-0 - affiliate " NE_channel-0 " satellite NE_channel-1 on NE_product-0 .
the source point out that channel carry by the satellite be deal with on a commercial basis as long as the operate channel do not violate conventional broadcast term and rule .
from call for the revival of the NE_ethnic-group-0 ( NE_religious-group-0 ) era to call for the revival of the ( pharaonic ) era , o my heart , do not be sadden .
to subscribe to this service , -CONST--0 add * * the follow ENT_email-address-entity-0 to your NE_product-0 list * * albeta ...@yahoo.com *
* we apologize for not answer any message or inquiry through NE_product-0 . *
those who wish to communicate with the operate team of the site may * * correspond with us through this form -CONST--0 : //www.albetaqa.com/contact.php
he add : " we will ask the arrest person to tell us from which store they buy -CONST--0 clothe and at which hair salon -CONST--1 do -CONST--2 hair so that we can shut them down . "
since the start of this campaign in -CONST--0 / " -CONST--1 " , warning have be issue to -CONST--2 of women , among whom -CONST--3 have be arrest for not abide by the religious dress code .
women , whether NE_country-0 or foreign , have be require to wear the veil since the NE_event-0 in the year -CONST--0 , but recent year see some relaxation , particularly with respect to wear the veil .
the ministry request that the officer of this committee hand over the person whom they arrest to regular police force , which be to carry out their own interrogation of them .
this religious police force be also under investigation follow a campaign of raid during which an NE_continent-0 woman fall to her death from the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 floor last -CONST--0 in the region of holy NE_city-0 .
NE_newspaper-0 state that this religious police force be the object of more than -CONST--0 complaint in the year -CONST--1 .
it come to a head . on the afternoon of -CONST--0 / -CONST--1 -CONST--2 the NE_military-0 have have it with this collaborator group 's continuation of its zionist and NE_country-0 plan to eliminate the NE_religious-group-0 movement .
the NE_newspaper-0 : kurds and NE_person-0 agree on NE_country-0 oil revenue - share
NE_country-0 sell about 1.3 million barrel of oil per day , the revenue of which constitute -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 of the budget of the central ENT_government-organization-0 in NE_city-0 .
in order to fight this habit , the kingdom have enact anti - tobacco and anti - drug law for the protection of society , include the application of the death penalty against drug smuggler and a prohibition against take them .
the regional director of the NE_organization-0 in the kingdom say : " the number of physician who smoke reach , in some of the NE_ethnic-group-0 country , more than -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 of all physician .
NE_country-0 sue genie on harassment charge . a NE_country-1 man in the NE_province-0 region file a claim against a band of genie who harass and annoy him every day .
old man rob a bank .. only to return to jail
a -CONST--0 - year - old homeless thief fulfil his only wish , which be to return to jail for the next -CONST--1 year .
during the trial , the public prosecutor say that the old , alcoholic thief have become homeless and commit the theft in order to return to prison .
the court also find that NE_person-0 have be convict on charge of shoplift from store almost every year over a period of -CONST--0 year .
NE_person-0 say that rob the bank be much easier than sort out his affair and his retirement spend outside the prison .
the issue therefore do not concern some opinion that provoke wave of objection , but rather it fundamentally concern a vision of the role of the NE_organization-0 ideology , and its universal message .
so the begin deny the relationship between NE_religious-group-0 and reason , as though NE_religious-group-1 be a religion that be hostile to reason and there be no place for reason in the islamic faith .
the search for a war in which victory would be easy be in reality no more than an electoral campaign . this campaign can only succeed in elect or re - elect the neo - conservative as leader of the NE_country-0 . but it be a success whose price be to push the world toward destruction , fabricate crises that detract from the real challenge , and the absence of a compass and priority .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( sa )
international ; military ; terrorism
the NE_city-0 @-@ based NE_university-0 say in a statement that it be run a -CONST--0 @-@ week workshop for -CONST--1 anti @-@ terrorism expert .
on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 pan @-@ NE_ethnic-group-0 anti @-@ terror academy NE_university-0 reopen for the first time since the -CONST--3 -CONST--4 terror attack on the NE_country-0 .
NE_university-0 be based in NE_city-0 .
NE_university-0 be run by an NE_organization-0 .
in a statement NE_university-0 announce --
it will sponsor a -CONST--0 @-@ week workshop for -CONST--1 anti @-@ terrorism expert .
the workshop 's anti @-@ terrorism expert be from -CONST--0 NE_ethnic-group-0 country include NE_country-0 , NE_country-1 , NE_country-2 , NE_country-3 , NE_country-4 , NE_country-5 , NE_country-6 , NE_country-7 , NE_country-8 , NE_country-9 and NE_country-10 .
the workshop 's anti @-@ terrorism expert belong to anti @-@ terror squad in NE_ethnic-group-0 security agency and anti @-@ organize crime unit .
some specialize in deal with kidnap and hostage @-@ take scenario .
the workshop will address several terrorism @-@ related issue include political factor lead to terror , the role of religion in fight terrorist and economic factor that support crime and terrorism .
the workshop will study the use of the internet to promote terrorism and the internet 's role in facilitate money transaction and fund terrorist group .
in -CONST--0 -CONST--1 NE_ethnic-group-0 country sign an anti @-@ terrorism agreement that bind the signatory to coordinate to fight terrorism .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( kp )
proliferation ; international
a NE_organization-0 nation nuclear team will make -CONST--0 week @-@ long visit to NE_country-0 this weekend to inspect the NE_person-0 state 's controversial nuclear site .
ENT_government-organization-0 source say on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 that a NE_organization-0 nation nuclear team will make -CONST--3 week @-@ long visit to NE_country-0 this weekend to inspect the NE_person-0 state 's controversial nuclear site .
the upcoming visit be view as part of the NE_organization-0 ( iaea ) drive to clarify NE_country-0 's nuclear ambition .
a ENT_government-organization-0 source state the visit by a group of NE_organization-0 safety expert be schedule to last for -CONST--0 week begin -CONST--1 -CONST--2 , -CONST--3 .
the source state that the inspection would focus on an isotope production laboratory in the NE_county-0 nuclear complex which be north of NE_country-0 's capital NE_city-0 .
the NE_organization-0 tour of the isotope production laboratory will unlikely give a full picture of NE_country-0 's suspect nuclear weapon ambition .
the tour be a surprise offer make by NE_country-0 in -CONST--0 -CONST--1 .
NE_organization-0 accept NE_country-0 's proposal last month but caution that the proposal be not a breakthrough .
NE_organization-0 also state the lab be not one of the freeze facility it want to look into .
NE_organization-0 be based in NE_city-0 and be the NE_organization-1 's nuclear supervisor .
NE_country-0 have deny the NE_organization-0 full access to its facility .
NE_country-0 froze its suspect nuclear weapon program at NE_county-0 in exchange for receive -CONST--0 nuclear reactor produce less weapon @-@ grade plutonium under a -CONST--1 accord with the NE_country-1 .
the 4.6 @-@ billion @-@ dollar project be due to be complete by -CONST--0 .
delay have push back the finish until at least -CONST--0 .
NE_city-0 insist it will allow full NE_organization-0 inspection only when a significant portion of the project as define in the -CONST--0 accord be complete .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( kr )
international ; politics ; telecom
NE_country-0 rally on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 in support of their right to eat dog meat .
they threaten an internet war as part of a campaign to defend the traditional cuisine .
NE_country-0 rally on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 in support of their right to eat dog meat .
they threaten an internet war as part of a campaign to defend the traditional cuisine .
a nationalist group have vow cyber hostility against NE_country-0 based media NE_company-0 bros . and -CONST--0 of NE_country-1 's state @-@ run television channel .
the activist accuse the organization of be culturally @-@ biased and insult .
a NE_country-0 group have announce a campaign back by food scientist to promote the eat of dog meat .
this announcement be in response to increase foreign criticism of the way dog be slaughter in NE_country-0 .
the kill of dog for restaurant have become a more popular topic than the football NE_game-0 final .
the NE_game-0 final be to be co @-@ host by NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 this year .
the debate be partly fueled by NE_body-0 , football 's international govern body .
NE_organization-0 urge NE_country-0 to prevent the inhumane kill of dog .
NE_country-0 be anger by the international pressure on their traditional cuisine .
the organizer of NE_country-0 website -CONST--0 vow to paralyze the websites of NE_company-0 bros . ( -CONST--1 ) and the NE_country-1 state television network ( -CONST--2 ) on -CONST--3 -CONST--4 , -CONST--5 .
the organizer of the NE_country-0 website accuse the broadcaster of falsely describe NE_country-1 and their food culture as barbaric .
the anti @-@ NE_country-0 group state that NE_country-1 culture be under attack .
the statement be make to gain supporter to join the lobby .
cyber warfare have become a common weapon for NE_country-0 .
they be one of the most internet savvy nation in the world .
NE_country-0 cyber campaigner disable japanese education ministry websites last year in a protest against history book accuse of skim NE_country-1 's wartime record in NE_continent-0 .
the nationalist group be form to campaign against NE_country-0 .
the group say the foreign broadcaster be batter the eat dogmeat culture and that it be insult behavior .
it trample on a tradition of -CONST--0 country .
the group say the foreign broadcaster do not show any remorse for their culture of eat snail and horse .
the cyber attack be to show the power of south koreans and NE_continent-0 against the NE_world-region-0 's sense of superiority and ignorance of NE_country-0 's history .
another group say they will launch an association next monday of around -CONST--0 dog meat restaurant owner in the NE_city-0 region and hold a seminar to promote the dish .
food scientist at NE_university-0 NE_person-0 @-@ geun say he would introduce some -CONST--0 different kind of culinary art with dog meat .
NE_country-0 actress @-@ turn activist NE_person-0 and other animal right campaigner call to stop the NE_country-1 practice of eat dog .
NE_organization-0 president NE_person-0 sent a letter last -CONST--0 to NE_country-0 's NE_game-0 organize committee call for immediate and decisive measure against cruelty to dog .
it be ahead of the NE_game-0 -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 .
head of the NE_organization-0 and a NE_organization-1 vice president NE_person-0 say NE_organization-2 should not intervene in the eat habit of a sovereign nation .
NE_country-0 official say most dog use for eat be kill instantly by electrocution .
activist contend many slaughterhouse in the countryside be not control .
they strangle dog , hang them by a rope and beat them in line with traditional practice to make the meat more tender .
dog restaurant be tell to close or go into the backstreets when NE_city-0 host the -CONST--0 NE_game-0 .
no similar move be plan for the NE_game-0 .
the authority say the practice be slowly disappear in NE_country-0 .
a recent survey state that about -CONST--0 dog be sell every year for food in NE_country-0 and -CONST--1 ENT_percentage-entity-0 of men age -CONST--2 and above and -CONST--3 ENT_percentage-entity-1 of adult women have taste dog meat .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( pk ) ; NE_country-1 ( in )
international ; ENT_government-organization-0 ; terrorism ; war and conflict ; dissent ; leader
religious extremism continue in NE_country-0 despite the ban of militant group .
religious extremism continue in NE_country-0 despite the ban of militant group by the pakistani ENT_government-organization-0 .
newspaper and magazine extol the virtue of NE_religious-group-0 holy war in NE_world-region-0 continue to fill the newstands in NE_country-0 despite the pakistani military ENT_government-organization-0 's attempt at a large scale containment of religious extremism .
around -CONST--0 allege religious extremist have be arrest since ENT_date-entity-0 under severe action against NE_religious-group-0 militant and sectarian radical announce by president NE_person-0 during the weekend .
the severe action against militant and radical come as NE_person-0 ban -CONST--0 NE_religious-group-0 group .
the ban -CONST--0 NE_religious-group-0 group include the -CONST--1 hardline militant group fight NE_country-0 rule in NE_world-region-0 which the NE_country-1 ENT_government-organization-0 accuse of stage the violent ENT_date-entity-0 attack on the NE_country-2 parliament .
NE_country-0 authority have state that no statement or literature from the -CONST--0 ban NE_religious-group-0 group would be tolerate after NE_person-0 's speech ban the -CONST--1 NE_religious-group-1 group .
NE_person-0 's speech ban the -CONST--0 NE_religious-group-0 group be applaud by the NE_country-0 .
NE_person-0 state that under the notification that be issue late at night on ENT_date-entity-0 all publication , newspaper , weekly magazine , ENT_temporal-quantity-0 , etc of the -CONST--0 ban NE_religious-group-0 group be ban and confiscate .
NE_person-0 be a NE_country-0 interior ministry official .
NE_person-0 state that NE_country-0 's provincial ENT_government-organization-0 have be ask to implement the order in the notification that be issue on ENT_date-entity-0 and that NE_country-1 's provincial government be in the process of take action .
NE_city-0 police chief NE_person-0 state that the -CONST--0 ban NE_religious-group-0 group would not be allow to operate in any way .
NE_person-0 state that he would examine if the baned literature be still available in the market despite the ban .
the -CONST--0 hardline militant group fight NE_country-0 rule in NE_world-region-0 be the NE_organization-0 and NE_organization-1 .
the NE_organization-0 and NE_organization-1 be still distribute their message through a range of publication and magazine easily available in NE_city-0 .
other group link to terrorism and include on the NE_thing-0 be also publish regular newspaper and journal contain rhetoric that be against NE_world-region-0 country and call for war in the name of NE_religious-group-0 .
NE_person-0 state that his elder urge him to read about jihad through the NE_publication-0 publish by the NE_organization-0 and lashkar @-@ i @-@ NE_publication-1 .
NE_person-0 be an -CONST--0 @-@ year @-@ old student of a religious seminary .
NE_person-0 state that he do not know whether the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 will also ban the publication encourage jihad .
NE_person-0 state that himself and other people have be tell by our elder to read pro @-@ NE_war-0 newspaper and magazine .
the NE_organization-0 and NE_organization-1 be on the NE_thing-0 and the NE_organization-2 's and NE_organization-3 's asset freeze in NE_country-0 .
the NE_organization-0 have not be officially ban in NE_country-0 .
the primary editorial in NE_publication-0 of NE_organization-0 on ENT_date-entity-0 carry a warn to the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 .
the NE_publication-0 of NE_organization-0 support the NE_organization-1 link to NE_person-0 's NE_criminal-organization-0 network .
the headline in the NE_publication-0 of NE_organization-0 on ENT_date-entity-0 state action extreme against extremism above an article state that the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 should not domineer a large section of NE_country-1 society which support the jihad against NE_country-2 rule in the divide himalayan state of NE_world-region-0 .
newspaper NE_person-0 state that NE_person-1 's clamp @-@ down on extremism have do little to limit the demand for ban religious extremist publication .
NE_person-0 state that the publication of the NE_publication-0 of NE_organization-0 have not be affect yet by NE_person-1 's clamp @-@ down on extremism and the circulation of the NE_publication-1 have increase in the past couple of day .
over -CONST--0 publication include ENT_temporal-quantity-0 , weekly and ENT_temporal-quantity-1 of various extremist group include those banned on ENT_date-entity-0 still sell in large number in the market and bazaar of NE_city-0 .
police officer NE_person-0 state that the police so far have not receive any instruction to take action against any ban religious extremist publication .
analyst state that the NE_country-0 government may have trouble explain the ENT_government-organization-0 's reason if the ban religious extremist group ' publication be suddenly remove from the newsstand because the ENT_government-organization-1 generally support the freedom of the press .
a reporter who do not want to be name from the NE_publication-0 of NE_organization-0 state that it would not be easy for the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 to ban the religious extremist publication and make over -CONST--0 employee jobless .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( ir )
narcotic ; military
-CONST--0 drug trafficker be kill and -CONST--1 arrest in NE_country-0 anti @-@ drug sweep .
the NE_country-0 army launch a huge sweep against trafficker along the border with NE_country-1 and NE_country-2 .
on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 a state radio report that -CONST--3 drug trafficker be kill and -CONST--4 arrest in NE_country-0 anti @-@ drug sweep .
the NE_country-0 army launch a huge sweep against trafficker along the border with NE_country-1 and NE_country-2 .
the radio say the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 day of NE_event-0 accumulate more than -CONST--0 ton of drug and -CONST--1 gun in southeast NE_country-0 on -CONST--2 -CONST--3 , -CONST--4 .
NE_event-0 mean swear to victory in NE_language-0 and be a phrase from NE_book-0 .
in -CONST--0 -CONST--1 police announce than an arm corps with NE_country-0 , NE_country-1 and NE_country-2 be be assemble specifically to combat drug traffic along NE_country-3 's border .
NE_country-0 be a major transit point between drug producer in NE_country-1 and NE_country-2 and the market of NE_continent-0 and the NE_world-region-0 .
NE_government-organization-0 approve plan in may -CONST--0 to build an anti @-@ drug wall along the -CONST--1 @-@ kilometre ( -CONST--2 @-@ mile ) border with NE_country-0 .
a budget be allocate for the barrier to be equip with electronic detention equipment .
an afghan television report on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 that NE_country-0 's interim ENT_government-organization-0 have ban the cultivation of opium poppy in a bid to end drug traffic .
in -CONST--0 -CONST--1 the NE_criminal-organization-0 militia also ban production of opium .
opium be the raw ingredient for heroin .
the ban be strictly enforce with opium production decrease from -CONST--0 ton to -CONST--1 ton .
NE_country-0 farmer resume grow opium poppy after the militia be overthrow in -CONST--0 -CONST--1 .
NE_country-0 law state the death penalty for drug traffic .
more than -CONST--0 policemen have be kill in anti @-@ drug raid in the past -CONST--1 year .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( ir ) ; NE_country-1 ( af ) ; NE_country-2 ( pk )
narcotic ; military
NE_country-0 army arrest -CONST--0 drug trafficker , kill -CONST--1 , and seize -CONST--2 ton of drug and weapon in large @-@ scale operation along NE_country-1 border with NE_country-2 and NE_country-3 .
the ENT_government-organization-0 have ban cultivation of opium poppy and plan to build a wall along ENT_government-organization-1 border in an attempt to end drug traffic .
NE_country-0 's state news NE_agency-0 report -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 that iranian security force kill -CONST--3 drug trafficker and arrest more than -CONST--4 in operation in the east and south of NE_country-1 in recent day .
NE_publication-0 state that in the large @-@ scale army operation along the eastern border with NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 -CONST--0 drug trafficker be kill , -CONST--1 arrest and approximately -CONST--2 ton of drug seize .
NE_publication-0 state that the -CONST--0 @-@ day @-@ old operation would continue until all the trafficker be kill or arrest .
in a separate dispatch NE_publication-0 state that during the past -CONST--0 day in southern NE_country-0 's NE_province-0 police have arrest -CONST--1 drug trafficker include -CONST--2 foreign national .
the nationality of the foreigner be not mention .
NE_publication-0 state that approximately -CONST--0 ton of various drug include hashish as well as fire arm be seize .
NE_country-0 be a major transit point between drug producer in NE_country-1 and NE_country-2 and the market of NE_continent-0 and the NE_world-region-0 .
in -CONST--0 -CONST--1 the NE_country-0 parliament approve plan to build a wall equip with electronic detection device along the -CONST--2 @-@ mile border with NE_country-1 to deter drug traffic .
last week NE_publication-0 report that NE_country-0 's interim ENT_government-organization-0 have ban cultivation of opium poppy in an attempt to end drug traffic .
opium be the raw ingredient for heroin .
the now @-@ oust NE_criminal-organization-0 militia in -CONST--0 -CONST--1 also ban production of opium .
the ban be strictly enforce and result in a decrease in opium production from -CONST--0 ton to -CONST--1 ton .
desperate NE_country-0 farmer resume grow opium poppy soon after the hard @-@ line militia lose power in -CONST--0 -CONST--1 .
NE_country-0 law apply the death penalty for drug traffic .
in the past -CONST--0 year more than -CONST--1 police officer have be kill in anti @-@ drug raid .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( ca )
international ; terrorism
NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 's warn of NE_criminal-organization-0 's capability to launch a cyberattack cause various industry to review their preparedness .
critical infrastructure include energy and transportation provider cite close work with ENT_government-organization-0 to remain aware of threat and to update accordingly .
a recent ENT_government-organization-0 warn that NE_criminal-organization-0 terrorist could launch a cyberattack on NE_country-0 interest or critical infrastructure have cause many concern industry to review their security system .
vice president of NE_company-0 NE_person-0 state that the company have a warn system for both physical and cyberattacks .
NE_person-0 state that the company have be significantly focused on prevention of cyberattacks .
in a recent interview NE_person-0 state that many utility firm perform a brief review of their multi @-@ tiered response system after such warning be issue .
the warn from the NE_government-organization-0 's NE_government-organization-1 be quietly release on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 and cite no specific threat .
director of threat analysis at the NE_government-organization-0 's NE_government-organization-1 NE_person-0 state that follow the attack of -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 specifically examine the potential cyber @-@ capability of NE_criminal-organization-0 and NE_person-1 's follower .
NE_person-0 state that the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 have no knowledge of NE_criminal-organization-0 have engage in cyberattacks in the past but that NE_person-1 have suggest that if he choose to launch cyberattacks he could have the mean available to him .
in summary of the recent warn state that such an attack could be execute in the very near future hensler @-@ NE_person-0 state that NE_person-1 's location be irrelevant because NE_person-2 possess the money and supporter necessary to have such an attack execute by others .
a number of NE_criminal-organization-0 militant include NE_event-0 plot bomber NE_person-0 be know to have remain in NE_country-0 .
many be locate in NE_city-0 .
NE_person-0 state that the proliferation and availability of hacker tool and the low skill level need to conduct cyberattacks demonstrate the ease of launch an attack anywhere .
NE_person-0 cite the example of the NE_city-0 @-@ based hacker known as NE_person-1 who attack NE_country-0 websites include -CONST--0 in -CONST--1 .
many think that security must be improve at NE_continent-0 critical infrastructure include energy and transportation provider and the financial service sector that be largely interconnected .
many business begin prepare for cyber incident before the year -CONST--0 .
a separate report issue recently by the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 @-@ fund research NE_group-0 state that cyber security need considerable improvement .
for example , accord to a NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 estimate the love bug launch in -CONST--0 -CONST--1 cause -CONST--2 NE_country-1 dollar in damage and disrupt NE_country-2 ENT_government-organization-1 system .
NE_company-0 spokesman NE_person-0 state that NE_company-1 be prepare and remain prepare for various potential situation and scenario .
NE_person-0 state --
NE_company-0 work very closely with the ENT_government-organization-0 and the private sector to be aware of security concern and to update accordingly .
NE_company-0 work closely with NE_country-0 official and firm after the attack of -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 .
NE_company-0 provide a total of -CONST--0 phone and internet connection to a nation of -CONST--1 people .
NE_person-0 state --
electricity firm have strong warn system that be coordinated by the NE_organization-0 .
there have not be a cyber event that have result in a loss of power for utility customer .
there be little possibility that a cyberattack would disable a NE_continent-0 electric grid .
electric company be well prepare and be make all preparation require to be ready for any physical or cyberattack .
NE_organization-0 's -CONST--0 largest utility company go on their highest alert on -CONST--1 -CONST--2 and many still have an increase security presence in effect and plan to extend it further .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( ru )
international ; space ; energy
NE_country-0 's military authority criticize NE_company-0 for impose a shutdown on supply to a command center that guide military satellite in orbit and contribute to system control the international space station .
the NE_company-0 disconnect a major control center of the NE_military-0 locate in NE_peninsula-0 early saturday , the NE_military-1 press service say .
NE_company-0 feed power to the vast NE_peninsula-0 in NE_country-0 's far east .
a statement from the NE_military-0 press service on ENT_date-entity-0 call the action a direct violation of ENT_government-organization-0 decree on defense facility and state that it could have lead to the loss of a spacecraft cost -CONST--0 of rubles .
the monitor center be a key element in maintain NE_country-0 's satellite network in orbit and play a part in operation of the international space NE_platform-0 .
official at the command center take urgent measure to use reserve power unit to keep the system function and to temporarily provide residential centers with electricity .
several other military base and strategic defense unit be affect .
the state power NE_monopoly-0 and its regional NE_subsidiary-0 launch a program of power cut to long @-@ term debtor on ENT_date-entity-0 .
NE_company-0 argue that non @-@ payment of bill have prevent it from maintain supply .
NE_military-0 , the space branch of NE_country-0 's arm force , express alarm at the prospect of further power cut result from delay in federal budget resource reach local authority on time .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( ru )
international ; space ; energy
NE_country-0 space official warn that power cut against the military for non @-@ payment of bill , like the one at a command center in the NE_world-region-0 NE_peninsula-0 of the NE_military-0 , could have catastrophic consequence .
-CONST--0 january -CONST--1 -- NE_country-0 space official warn that power cut against the military for non @-@ payment of bill could have catastrophic consequence .
NE_country-0 space agency spokesman NE_person-0 announce --
a weekend black @-@ out at a command center in the NE_world-region-0 NE_peninsula-0 of the NE_military-0 have not affect the NE_spaceship-0 ( iss ) .
NE_facility-0 maintain NE_country-0 's satellite network in orbit .
the NE_peninsula-0 command center play a role in NE_spaceship-0 operation .
cut power to command centers could pose danger for NE_country-0 space installation .
power cut could lead to a failure of all work with space craft .
the NE_spaceship-0 could function for an orbit or -CONST--0 without ground control by use standby system .
a total unexpected loss of power during control of military equipment could be catastrophic .
the ENT_government-organization-0 or NE_company-0 or the NE_government-organization-0 must resolve the issue .
the NE_company-0 feed power to NE_peninsula-0 .
on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 NE_company-0 disconnect the NE_military-0 center for most of the day .
NE_company-0 be -CONST--0 of several regional subsidiary of state power monopoly NE_company-1 ( ues ) .
on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 NE_company-0 cut power to long @-@ term debtor .
NE_company-0 state that non @-@ payment of bill prevent it from maintain power supply .
the NE_spaceship-0 --
consists of -CONST--0 nation
be hail as an example of international cooperation in space
have be largely build by NE_country-0 .
NE_country-0 provide several NE_spaceship-0 module include NE_spaceship-1 and NE_spaceship-2
several other military base include some strategic defense unit be affect by the power outage .
NE_military-0 be the space branch of NE_country-0 's arm force .
NE_spaceship-0 NE_module-0 be build by the NE_country-0 .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( au )
narcotic ; crime ; international
an NE_country-0 jury find that an NE_country-1 NE_game-0 box official be defame in a book about alleged NE_game-1 corruption in which he be depict as a major international heroin dealer and racketeer .
a NE_state-0 NE_government-organization-0 jury take just over -CONST--0 hour on ENT_date-entity-0 to find NE_person-0 have be libel in a NE_book-0 which allege olympic corruption .
NE_person-0 be an NE_country-0 NE_game-0 box official and be depict in the book as a major international heroin dealer and racketeer .
NE_book-0 be write by NE_country-0 NE_journalist-0 and publish by NE_company-0 .
the NE_person-0 case will now go to a single judge to hear defence and decide any damage to be award to NE_person-1 .
NE_book-0 imply that NE_person-0 have be engage in fraud , prostitution , assassination , gun run and plutonium smuggle .
the book also imply that the businessman be a gangster in the NE_country-0 black economy and have trade sport medal for bribe .
NE_person-0 be vice @-@ president of the NE_organization-0 and an executive member of the NE_organization-1 .
NE_person-0 be also say to have bribe member of the NE_organization-0 in the vote for the federation presidency .
NE_person-0 be a long @-@ time critic of the NE_organization-0 .
the ENT_date-entity-0 verdict follow -CONST--0 defamation action bring last year by NE_person-0 against the NE_publication-0 ( abc ) and NE_person-1 and against the NE_newspaper-0 ( smh ) and NE_person-2 .
a jury find in the case involve the NE_publication-0 's flagship current affair NE_program-0 have imply NE_person-0 know some of the world 's most dangerous criminal and be suspect by the NE_government-organization-0 of drug traffic .
that panel find those insinuation be not defamatory and threw out the case against the NE_publication-0 and NE_person-0 .
the NE_newspaper-0 and NE_person-0 be then sue over -CONST--0 article publish in the lead @-@ up to the ENT_date-entity-0 NE_game-0 .
the jury in that case find NE_person-0 have be paint as a major international criminal and have be defame .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( tj ) ; NE_country-1 ( uz ) ; NE_country-2 ( af ) ; NE_country-3 ( kg ) ; NE_country-4 ( kz ) ; NE_country-5 ( tm )
international ; narcotic ; terrorism ; politics
NE_organization-0 urge permanent end to NE_country-0 terrorism and drug @-@ traffic to create long @-@ term stability in NE_world-region-0 .
expert state that cultivation of opium and drug traffic be deeply entrench in NE_country-0 and will be impossible to eradicate .
on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 an official with the NE_organization-0 be quote as state that long @-@ term stability in NE_world-region-0 depends on eradicate post @-@ NE_criminal-organization-0 NE_country-0 terrorism and drug @-@ traffic .
the NE_organization-0 envoy in neighboring NE_country-0 NE_person-0 state to the ENT_government-organization-0 -CONST--0 NE_newspaper-0 that there be now hope that NE_country-1 will develop its democratic institution and end terrorism and drug @-@ smuggle result in greater stability in NE_world-region-0 .
NE_person-0 state that the post @-@ NE_country-0 republic in NE_world-region-0 fought terrorism by give material and other necessary help to the international anti @-@ terrorist coalition in the war against NE_country-1 NE_dissident-0 and the NE_criminal-organization-0 regime .
both NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 share a border with NE_country-2 and have experience raid by NE_criminal-organization-0 @-@ back NE_religious-group-0 militant in recent ENT_temporal-quantity-0 .
neighboring NE_country-0 have also experience raid by NE_criminal-organization-0 @-@ back NE_religious-group-0 militant in recent ENT_temporal-quantity-0 .
NE_country-0 also become a key NE_country-1 partner in the NE_country-2 war open its airspace to military overflights .
NE_country-0 maintain a more neutral stance .
NE_country-0 border NE_country-1 .
NE_person-0 state that NE_country-0 's positive and responsible approach to the crisis in NE_country-1 have significantly improve the country 's image internationally .
tajik ENT_government-organization-0 expert and head of the NE_government-organization-0 NE_person-0 state on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 that the NE_country-0 @-@ lead war in NE_country-1 have fail to stop drug traffic across the border into NE_country-2 .
NE_person-0 state to NE_publication-0 --
opium and heroin be a form of hard @-@ currency reserve for NE_country-0 .
drug traffic from NE_country-0 have be conceal so securely that it will be impossible to uncover .
drug traffic from NE_country-0 resume during a brief hiatus in the anti @-@ terrorist operation .
in -CONST--0 NE_country-0 law @-@ enforcement agency and NE_country-1 border guard seize -CONST--1 ton of drug include -CONST--2 ton of heroin .
this represent a -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 increase overall in -CONST--1 with -CONST--2 time the amount of heroin .
suggestion that there be no longer drug lord in NE_country-0 and that drug traffic into NE_country-1 have be eradicate be unrealistic and false .
many year would be need to convert NE_country-0 's agriculture historically specialize in the grow of raw opium .
cultivation of raw opium provide the only source of income for much of the rural population .
NE_country-0 's -CONST--0 @-@ mile border with NE_country-1 be patrol by approximately -CONST--1 NE_country-2 soldier under a -CONST--2 agreement between the NE_country-3 and tajik ENT_government-organization-0 .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( af ) ; NE_country-1 ( ru )
international ; narcotic ; terrorism
NE_country-0 official conduct talk with NE_country-1 official ask for assistance in stop afghanistan 's large illegal opium and heroin trade .
NE_country-0 seek to end poppy harvest and increase border control .
-CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 interim interior minister of NE_country-0 NE_person-0 ask NE_country-1 official to assist in combating the drug trade and establish security in NE_country-2 .
NE_person-0 be a member of the NE_organization-0 .
NE_person-0 tell NE_country-0 deputy minister for emergency situation NE_person-1 --
unfortunately over the past -CONST--0 year , the rule of the NE_criminal-organization-0 turn NE_country-0 into a center of terrorism and drug .
the struggle against terrorism and against drug , and the establishment of security be a priority for the ENT_government-organization-0 of NE_country-0 .
but combating terrorism and drug require joint effort .
peace and stability in NE_country-0 be not only in the interest of the afghani people and nation but of all the country in the region .
NE_country-0 's interim ENT_government-organization-0 state that ENT_government-organization-1 would take firm measure very quickly to prevent the harvest of poppy in the wake of the NE_criminal-organization-0 regime 's fall late last year .
leader of NE_country-0 's interim ENT_government-organization-0 NE_person-0 say the fight against poppy harvest and the lucrative traffic of opium and heroin will be a top priority .
the anti @-@ drug effort be strongly support by NE_world-region-0 country , whose population be a major market for heroin and opium from NE_country-0 .
-CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 NE_city-0 official announce that NE_country-0 police be create their first anti @-@ narcotic unit with the help of the NE_organization-0 due to concern that the NE_country-1 could again become a major producer of opium .
-CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 NE_person-0 state in talk with NE_country-0 interior minister NE_person-1 that NE_country-1 's main task be to prevent future drug production .
NE_person-0 outline a -CONST--0 @-@ stage plan of action --
NE_country-0 authority will seek to ban poppy harvest .
afghan authority will strengthen the border around NE_country-0 .
NE_country-0 authority will cooperate with the security force of neighboring state .
NE_country-0 be think to be responsible for -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 of the world 's opium and -CONST--1 ENT_percentage-entity-1 of the heroin trade illegally in NE_continent-0 .
approximately -CONST--0 russian guard patrol the -CONST--1 @-@ kilometre ( -CONST--2 @-@ mile ) border between NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 under a -CONST--3 agreement sign by NE_city-0 and NE_city-1 .
the NE_organization-0 oppose the NE_criminal-organization-0 but tolerate the harvest of poppy in territory it control .
NE_country-0 's interim ENT_government-organization-0 have be in power for -CONST--0 month .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ) ; NE_country-1 ( us )
international ; ENT_government-organization-0 ; military
NE_country-0 's NE_government-organization-0 under attack in NE_government-organization-1 over allegation it be favoring NE_country-1 NE_company-0 for multi @-@ -CONST--0 @-@ dollar fighter project .
newspaper report reveal that NE_country-0 @-@ make plane be rate higher in air force evaluation and that the ENT_government-organization-0 be instead respond to political pressure from the NE_country-1 and NE_company-0 .
NE_country-0 's NE_government-organization-0 come under attack in NE_government-organization-1 on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 over allegation that it be favoring NE_country-1 NE_company-0 for a multi @-@ -CONST--3 @-@ dollar fighter project .
rule and opposition lawmakers criticize the NE_government-organization-0 as newspaper report that the NE_country-0 @-@ make NE_aircraft-type-0 have score the highest mark of any of the -CONST--0 contender in field test perform by NE_military-0 evaluators .
the -CONST--0 NE_country-0 dollar project to buy -CONST--1 fighter will be one of the most important international military contract award this year but it have encounter multiple obstacle .
award of the contract be temporarily suspend in -CONST--0 -CONST--1 after the price offer by -CONST--2 bidder be judge too high .
NE_country-0 's defense ministry promise to conclude its first @-@ stage appraisal by the end of -CONST--0 -CONST--1 .
there have also be much newspaper speculation that the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 might yield to NE_country-1 pressure to buy NE_company-0 's aged NE_aircraft-type-0 @-@ 15 k .
speculation grow in -CONST--0 -CONST--1 when defense minister NE_person-0 stress that NE_country-0 should consider security tie with the NE_country-1 in the project .
the other compete plane be the NE_firm-0 's NE_aircraft-type-0 , the NE_company-0 's NE_aircraft-type-1 and the NE_country-0 NE_aircraft-type-2 by NE_company-1 .
NE_company-0 be seek its first foreign order for the NE_aircraft-type-0 .
NE_person-0 of the NE_political-party-0 express doubt of the fairness of the evaluation method state that his party suspect that the defense ministry have political reason to select the f @-@ 15 k .
the NE_political-party-0 also accuse the NE_government-organization-0 of favoring the NE_aircraft-type-0 @-@ 15 k despite the defense chief 's insistence that there be no favoritism toward NE_company-0 .
NE_person-0 state --
there have be no pressure from the NE_country-0 .
there would be an investigation into how classified document have be leak .
the NE_government-organization-0 be further pressured by numerous newspaper report of the NE_military-0 's evaluation of the NE_aircraft-type-0 as excellent in all category .
newspaper state that the NE_aircraft-type-0 @-@ 15 k be rate excellent in reliability and support combat capability but met only -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 of core technology requirement .
newspaper state that the NE_aircraft-type-0 be rate excellent in general function and reliability category but the NE_aircraft-type-1 also earn the excellent rate for its weapon and electronic warfare capability .
the NE_aircraft-type-0 place fourth with NE_aircraft-type-1 of ordinary in all -CONST--0 category .
NE_aircraft-type-0 reportedly offer more generous term for technology transfer and subcontract for NE_country-0 's aerospace industry .
the NE_government-organization-0 state that the air force be just -CONST--0 of -CONST--1 evaluation .
some analyst have state that the study method be biased toward NE_company-0 note that the evaluation be revise in -CONST--0 -CONST--1 to ensure that all -CONST--2 bidder would receive an automatic -CONST--3 point for technology transfer .
the NE_language-0 NE_newspaper-0 state that this revision give an advantage to NE_company-0 which have be reluctant to transfer core technology .
the NE_newspaper-0 state that when evaluators be conduct their first @-@ stage report the ministry order them to give each bidder grade within a range of -CONST--0 to -CONST--1 point instead of -CONST--2 to 100 point .
the NE_newspaper-0 state that critic say NE_company-0 would benefit most from the point minimum because it would gain fewer point than NE_company-1 in term of technology transfer and subcontract .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 )
proliferation ; international ; politics
a senior NE_country-0 minister on friday warn that there could be a new crisis this year over inspection of the rival NE_country-1 's nuclear program .
senior NE_country-0 minister NE_person-0 on ENT_date-entity-0 warn that tension could rise because NE_country-1 want inspection of its nuclear facility delay .
unification minister NE_person-0 be the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 's chief policymaker for relation with NE_country-1 .
NE_person-0 say in a lecture on NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 relation with NE_country-2 that there be some talk in the NE_country-3 that the nuclear inspection in -CONST--0 korea should be carry out in ENT_date-entity-0 .
NE_country-0 's suggestion be that the inspection should be delay until ENT_date-entity-0 .
NE_person-0 say that a crisis could come in ENT_date-entity-0 on the NE_peninsula-0 if this issue become an international point of contention .
follow NE_person-0 's comment another senior ENT_government-organization-0 official seek to play down NE_person-1 's remark about the loom trouble .
the unnamed official tell the NE_agency-0 national news agency that talk of press for NE_organization-0 inspection in ENT_date-entity-0 have come only from private researcher in the NE_country-0 .
the official say it be speculation that the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 think the inspection should be delay until ENT_date-entity-0 .
top NE_country-0 envoy NE_person-0 intend to raise international concern about the NE_country-1 's nuclear and missile programs when he go to NE_city-0 ENT_date-entity-0 .
NE_person-0 be a special advisor to president NE_person-1 on national security and foreign affair .
NE_person-0 have also warn of a loom nuclear crisis on the NE_peninsula-0 .
military official say NE_person-0 intimate the problem could be as serious as a ENT_date-entity-0 nuclear standoff over NE_country-0 's suspect nuclear weapon development that came close to conflict .
the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 agree to freeze the NE_country-1 nuclear program under an accord with a NE_country-2 @-@ lead international consortium .
the consortium be to build -CONST--0 light water nuclear reactor that produce less weapon grade fuel than NE_country-0 's old graphite reactor and provide substitute fuel until they be build .
the original -CONST--0 target ENT_date-entity-0 for completion have be put back at least -CONST--1 year because of major political and construction delay .
the ENT_date-entity-0 accord stipulate that the NE_organization-0 ( iaea ) must be allow to inspect NE_country-0 's old facility to see if plutonium have be process before the core facility of the new reactor be install .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( in )
international ; military ; business
NE_country-0 's NE_company-0 plan to manufacture and maintain -CONST--0 NE_jet-0 fighter jet for the indian ENT_government-organization-0 .
NE_country-0 's state @-@ own banglalore @-@ based NE_company-0 chairman n. r. NE_person-0 state that the indian ENT_government-organization-0 have decide that NE_company-1 will manufacture and maintain -CONST--0 NE_jet-0 fighter jet .
n. r. NE_person-0 state that an agreement have be sign between the NE_research-institute-0 , NE_company-0 and the NE_military-0 to upgrade NE_country-0 's age fleet of NE_aircraft-type-0 .
n. r. NE_person-0 state that the upgrade will be do soon as it have almost be finalised by the NE_research-institute-0 , NE_company-0 and the NE_country-0 air force .
n. r. NE_person-0 state that initially -CONST--0 aircraft will be upgrade .
n. r. NE_person-0 state that NE_company-0 will receive -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 technology transfer to make the NE_jet-0 fighter jet .
n. r. NE_person-0 state that this technology transfer be good because when an aircraft be sell at a cheap rate you end up pay more when you start maintain the aircraft and request spare aircraft .
NE_company-0 plan to begin make the NE_jet-0 fighter jet in ENT_date-entity-0 and the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 aircraft will be hand over to the NE_military-0 by ENT_date-entity-1 .
n. r. NE_person-0 state that the manufacture of all the -CONST--0 NE_jet-0 fighter jet will be complete by ENT_date-entity-0 .
n. r. NE_person-0 state that NE_company-0 will also manufacture the -CONST--0 engine for the NE_jet-0 fighter jet .
the initial investment will be -CONST--0 NE_country-0 dollar .
-CONST--0 NE_country-0 dollar of the initial investment will be earmark for capital investment .
n. r. NE_person-0 state that NE_company-0 will fund the initial investment from NE_company-1 's own resource and the -CONST--0 NE_country-0 dollar need for tool , other equipment and technical assistance will be raise when NE_company-2 need it .
NE_company-0 have pay a licence fee of -CONST--0 NE_country-0 dollar to NE_country-1 to be able to make the NE_jet-0 fighter jet .
n. r. NE_person-0 state that the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 be also plan to purchase -CONST--0 NE_jet-0 fighter jet from NE_country-1 at a cost of -CONST--1 NE_country-2 dollar each .
n. r. NE_person-0 state that NE_company-0 's indigenous aircraft will cost slightly less or be almost equal to -CONST--0 NE_country-0 dollar each .
an earlier -CONST--0 NE_country-0 dollar plan to upgrade NE_country-1 's NE_jet-0 fighter NE_jet-1 be delay by more than -CONST--1 year .
NE_country-0 official blame the NE_country-1 ENT_government-organization-0 's intransigence for the delay .
the ENT_date-entity-0 NE_country-0 -CONST--0 upgrade deal be meant to be complete within -CONST--1 year but the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 -CONST--2 upgrade NE_jet-0 be not deliver to NE_country-1 until ENT_date-entity-1 .
n. r. NE_person-0 state that NE_company-0 's ENT_date-entity-0 target be to deliver -CONST--0 NE_aircraft-type-0 but NE_company-1 be only able to deliver -CONST--1 .
n. r. NE_person-0 state that NE_company-0 have many problem with the NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 company and that this year NE_company-1 be plan a minimum of -CONST--0 upgrade .
n. r. NE_person-0 state that NE_company-0 have submit a proposal to the -CONST--0 for the development of a light attack helicopter and the first flight of NE_country-0 's intermediate NE_jet-0 be plan for ENT_date-entity-0 .
NE_company-0 state on ENT_date-entity-0 that NE_company-1 make a net profit of -CONST--0 NE_country-0 dollar on a sale turnover of -CONST--1 rupee year @-@ on @-@ year for the fiscal year to ENT_date-entity-1 .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( jp ) ; NE_country-1 ( cn )
international ; politics ; ENT_government-organization-0 ; weapon
japanese NE_political-party-0 chief NE_person-0 announce that NE_country-0 be able to arm itself with nuclear weapon overnight if NE_country-1 proceed with excessive military build @-@ up .
-CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 -- japanese NE_political-party-0 chief NE_person-0 have announce that NE_country-0 be able to arm itself with nuclear weapon overnight .
NE_country-0 will arm itself with nuclear weapon if NE_country-1 proceed with excessive military expansion .
NE_person-0 discuss NE_country-0 's nuclear weapon during a meet with a NE_country-1 community party intelligence division official .
NE_person-0 's warn could provoke strong reaction from NE_country-0 and NE_continent-0 .
NE_continent-0 be on alert to sign of NE_country-0 's military revival .
-CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 -- in a lecture in the provincial NE_city-0 NE_person-0 state --
NE_country-0 be expand its military power to attempt to join the rank of the superpowers .
NE_country-0 be try to become a military power like the NE_country-1 .
that NE_person-0 tell an unnamed chinese visitor that if NE_country-0 expand -CONST--0 military power NE_country-1 people will get hysterical .
NE_country-0 can easily produce nuclear warhead .
NE_country-0 can produce -CONST--0 of nuclear warhead overnight .
NE_country-0 may have enough plutonium at nuclear power plant for -CONST--0 or -CONST--1 round .
if NE_country-0 rise to the occasion NE_country-1 will never be beat even in term of military power .
NE_person-0 want a fully democratic NE_country-0 and a society in which NE_country-1 and NE_country-2 can coexist .
the introduction of democracy to NE_country-0 be essential to world peace .
a breakdown of order in NE_country-0 will lead to significant global turmoil .
a breakdown of order in NE_country-0 will be worse than in NE_country-1 or NE_country-2 .
NE_country-0 newspaper express concern about the repercussion of NE_person-0 's remark .
conservative ENT_temporal-quantity-0 NE_newspaper-0 state that NE_person-0 's nuclear armament threat be an attempt to subdue NE_country-0 .
NE_newspaper-0 state that NE_person-0 's remark be likely to cause contention in NE_country-0 and abroad .
influential ENT_temporal-quantity-0 NE_newspaper-0 anticipate a backlash from the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 and others .
NE_person-0 be a renowned advocate of a strong arm force .
NE_person-0 be a conservative .
NE_person-0 be a former secretary general of the NE_political-party-0 .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( jp )
proliferation ; politics
the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 state on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 ENT_government-organization-1 policy of hold no nuclear warhead .
this be after a senior lawmaker say NE_country-0 can arm itself with nuclear weapon overnight .
the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 state on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 ENT_government-organization-1 policy of hold no nuclear warhead .
this be after a senior lawmaker say NE_country-0 can arm itself with nuclear weapon overnight .
chief cabinet secretary NE_person-0 tell a press conference that it have be NE_country-0 's policy since NE_war-0 to not hold any nuclear weapon .
NE_person-0 say that there will be no change in NE_country-0 adherence to the policy and that NE_country-1 wish all nuclear weapon would disappear from the world .
a speech by NE_political-party-0 chief NE_person-0 tell a chinese intelligence official that NE_country-0 people will get hysterical if NE_country-1 continue to build its military strength .
NE_person-0 say it would be easy for NE_country-0 to produce nuclear warhead and that NE_country-1 can produce -CONST--0 of nuclear warhead overnight .
NE_person-0 state that NE_country-0 could have enough plutonium at nuclear power plant for -CONST--0 or -CONST--1 round .
NE_person-0 be a renowned advocate of strong arm force .
NE_person-0 say that if NE_country-0 rise to the occasion then NE_country-1 will never be beat even in term of military power .
NE_person-0 want a fully democratic NE_country-0 and an environment in which NE_country-1 and NE_country-2 can co @-@ exist .
NE_organization-0 say NE_person-0 's comment confirm the threat pose by NE_country-0 's massive plutonium program .
NE_person-0 of NE_organization-0 say NE_person-1 be right to state the potential of NE_country-0 to use its so @-@ call peaceful plutonium program for nuclear weapon purpose .
NE_person-0 say NE_person-1 have expose the myth of NE_country-0 be a peaceful energy program for a resource poor country .
NE_person-0 say NE_person-1 's statement may actually serve an important role in force the scale of NE_country-0 's plutonium program and the threat of confrontation in NE_world-region-0 on to the international agenda .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( ru ) ; NE_country-1 ( br )
international ; weapon ; space
NE_country-0 defense minister in NE_city-0 for cooperation talk with ENT_government-organization-0 official and lead member of NE_country-1 's military @-@ industrial complex .
emphasized in the discussion be arm sale and extend cooperation in the space sector .
NE_country-0 embassy official state that on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 NE_country-1 defense minister NE_person-0 begin -CONST--3 week @-@ long series of meeting in NE_city-0 with NE_country-2 official during which he be to meet NE_country-3 defense minister NE_person-1 .
NE_person-0 meet head of the arm export NE_company-0 NE_person-1 .
a spokesman for NE_company-0 be quote by the NE_agency-0 news agency as state that NE_person-0 met NE_person-1 to discuss cooperation in various area in addition to the preparation of specific contract for NE_country-0 arm sale to NE_country-1 .
the spokesman for NE_company-0 state that the discuss cooperation be mark by an emphasis on the space sector .
the NE_country-0 embassy state that NE_person-0 be also to meet lead member of NE_country-1 's military @-@ industrial complex .
after meet NE_person-0 on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 NE_person-1 will travel to NE_city-0 where he will spend the rest of the week .
during a visit in -CONST--0 -CONST--1 by brazilian president NE_person-0 and a delegation of -CONST--2 people the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 state that ENT_government-organization-1 anticipate sale of its NE_aircraft-type-0 and NE_aircraft-type-1 to NE_country-1 along with NE_battery-0 anti @-@ missile NE_battery-1 .
NE_country-0 be know to be interested in extend its cooperation with NE_country-1 in the space sector and have offer NE_country-2 the use of a platform in the north of the country for satellite launch .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( gb )
international ; ENT_government-organization-0 ; weapon ; media ; technology ; terrorism ; proliferation
declassify british NE_government-organization-0 document explain how NE_country-0 make its ENT_ordinal-entity-0 nuclear bomb .
critic state that with access to plutonium available from rogue state terrorist could consult the detailed document and build an atomic bomb .
NE_newspaper-0 report on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 that declassify NE_country-0 NE_government-organization-0 document explain how to make an atomic bomb .
NE_newspaper-0 report that the document become public domain over the past -CONST--0 year .
the declassify document be available to the public and could therefore be consult by terrorist .
NE_newspaper-0 report that the document give detail of the manufacture of NE_country-0 's ENT_ordinal-entity-0 nuclear bomb at the end of the -CONST--0 s and start of the -CONST--1 s .
the declassify document provide a list of the ingredient for such a weapon include the amount of plutonium necessary and how to spark off a chain reaction .
NE_country-0 's ENT_ordinal-entity-0 nuclear bomb be call NE_bomb-0 .
former engineer who work on NE_country-0 's military nuclear program NE_person-0 state that the instruction could enable a terrorist to construct a rudimentary atomic bomb .
NE_newspaper-0 report that the principle challenge would be obtain the necessary plutonium but that several outlaw state like NE_country-0 might possess plutonium .
terror organization like NE_criminal-organization-0 have try to obtain plutonium .
NE_person-0 be quote as state that the document should never have be declassify and after the event of -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 there be a case for remove them from public access .
the NE_publication-0 state that NE_political-party-0 defense spokesman NE_person-0 immediately call for explanation from the NE_political-party-1 ENT_government-organization-0 call the document a monstrous free gift to terrorist .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( tj ) ; NE_country-1 ( af )
international ; narcotic
the number of heroin addict in NE_country-0 have vastly increase over the past -CONST--0 year due to drug traffic between NE_country-1 and NE_country-2 and NE_continent-0 .
the number of heroin addict in NE_country-0 have vastly increase over the past -CONST--0 year due to drug traffic between NE_country-1 and NE_continent-0 .
the majority of the heroin be grow in neighboring NE_country-0 .
NE_country-0 be the world 's top opium producer .
NE_country-0 share a -CONST--0 @-@ kilometer ( 800 @-@ mile ) border with NE_country-1 and have become a transit point for heroin be traffic into NE_country-2 and NE_continent-0 .
in -CONST--0 the NE_country-0 army and NE_country-1 police confiscate nearly -CONST--1 ton of drug and arrest more than -CONST--2 people .
the NE_country-0 army guard NE_country-1 's border with NE_country-2 .
the majority of NE_country-0 's heroin addict live in city and be age between -CONST--0 and -CONST--1 .
-CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 of NE_country-0 's population life in rural area , where heroin addict be frequently ostracize .
head of a public drug clinic in NE_city-0 , NE_country-0 NE_person-0 , state --
there be -CONST--0 heroin addict officially register in NE_country-0 , compare with -CONST--1 in -CONST--2 .
the actual figure be -CONST--0 time greater than the official number .
the low cost and availability of heroin be among the cause of the addiction problem .
-CONST--0 dose of heroin cost less than -CONST--1 dollar in NE_country-0 , which be less than the price of a bottle of the local vodka .
an addict who have be use heroin for -CONST--0 year need to use -CONST--1 gram of heroin every -CONST--2 hour .
-CONST--0 gram of heroin cost -CONST--1 somonis or -CONST--2 dollar .
an addict be willing to commit any crime to pay for heroin .
NE_country-0 heroin be the strongest in the world because it be make from poppy cultivate at high altitude and therefore subject to high dose of ultra @-@ violet light .
a person who take a ENT_temporal-quantity-0 dose of NE_country-0 heroin have a life expectancy of between -CONST--0 and -CONST--1 year and many commit suicide before that .
the NE_country-0 pay -CONST--0 dirams ( a few cent ) per day for every person in the rehabilitation clinic .
the percentage of relapse be very high due to the lack of followup treatment and unemployment among young people .
head of a NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 agency that fight drug traffic NE_person-0 state that heroin user be ill and need treatment .
NE_boy-0 , a -CONST--0 @-@ year @-@ old boy from NE_city-0 , use heroin for -CONST--1 year before be hospitalize in NE_city-1 's drug clinic .
NE_person-0 say --
he sniff a white substance he find in his backyard and be unable to stop .
he stop go to school .
he steal from the local market to get money for more heroin .
drug trafficker face the death penalty under NE_country-0 law .
NE_country-0 have -CONST--0 inhabitant .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( th )
international ; economy ; business
NE_world-region-0 nation be collaborate with the NE_organization-0 in the NE_organization-1 @-@ NE_organization-2 intellectual right cooperation program in order to strengthen intellectual property right in southeast asia with the goal of strengthen business and investor confidence .
NE_organization-0 official state on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 that NE_world-region-0 would boost their trade and investment prospect by introduce strict intellectual property right .
NE_organization-0 officer and the NE_organization-1 start negotiate how to strengthen intellectual property right .
the negotiation begin with a -CONST--0 @-@ day workshop in NE_city-0 on -CONST--1 -CONST--2 , -CONST--3 .
the negotiation be organize under the new NE_organization-0 @-@ NE_organization-1 intellectual property right cooperation program .
head of the delegation of the NE_organization-0 in NE_city-0 NE_person-0 state that the ability to comply with intellectual property right rule would help develop nation take part in global trade .
NE_person-0 state intellectual property right form one of the basic pillar upon which business and investor confidence be based .
NE_person-0 also state that the intellectual property right for essential for any country 's economic development .
NE_person-0 state that intellectual property right may help boost NE_continent-0 investment in NE_world-region-0 to pre @-@ crisis level .
NE_organization-0 president NE_person-0 say that it be vital that NE_world-region-0 nation introduce proper legal and technical infrastructure to defend trademark .
NE_person-0 state that intellectual property right be currently develop in NE_world-region-0 nation .
NE_person-0 state there be larger interest in intellectual property right now than -CONST--0 or -CONST--1 year ago .
NE_person-0 state that some nation have stronger intellectual property right than others .
NE_person-0 also state that one should not tell the country that be lag in intellectual property right that they be lag in intellectual property right .
director general of NE_country-0 's NE_government-organization-0 NE_person-0 state that NE_world-region-0 nation have to work together to ensure trademark be protect .
the NE_organization-0 @-@ NE_organization-1 intellectual property right cooperation program foster trade , investment and technology transfer between the NE_organization-2 and NE_world-region-0 nation .
NE_person-0 state that the NE_organization-0 @-@ NE_organization-1 intellectual property right cooperation program would help NE_world-region-0 nation draw on NE_continent-0 expertise in how to protect and enforce intellectual property right in compliance with NE_organization-2 rule .
-CONST--0 expert in intellectual property right attend the NE_organization-0 @-@ NE_organization-1 intellectual property right cooperation program .
NE_person-0 state that the NE_organization-0 @-@ NE_organization-1 intellectual property right cooperation program be further proof of the grow importance of intellectual property right protection to world trade .
NE_person-0 also state that the NE_organization-0 @-@ NE_organization-1 intellectual property right cooperation program mark the latest stage in a successful initiative to develop effective system for protect patent , trademark , design , and copyright in the region .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( kr ) ; NE_country-1 ( us )
international ; military ; business
NE_company-0 will provide -CONST--0 NE_jet-0 to the NE_country-0 and promise to meet an offset trade level of -CONST--1 ENT_percentage-entity-0 .
NE_company-0 promise on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 to fulfill more spin @-@ off order for company locate in the NE_country-0 .
the purpose of this promise be to allow NE_company-0 to win a multi @-@ -CONST--0 dollar fighter jet contract .
NE_company-0 be require to supply -CONST--0 NE_jet-0 to the NE_country-0 by -CONST--1 .
NE_company-0 vice president and general manager NE_person-0 state that the ENT_government-organization-0 of the NE_country-0 decide wisely by pick the NE_aircraft-type-0 @-@ 15 k instead of the NE_aircraft-type-1 by NE_country-1 NE_firm-0 .
the final sale price , spin @-@ off trade , and technology transfer condition will be decide in a future negotiation .
the NE_country-0 state that it will argue to decrease the price from an estimate 4.4 billion dollar .
NE_company-0 have not yet satisfy a defense ministry demand that spin @-@ off deal with other firm based in the NE_country-0 meet -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 of the total cost .
the NE_country-0 initially make a pledge of approximately -CONST--0 dollar , represent -CONST--1 ENT_percentage-entity-0 of the total cost , to local contractor .
vice president of NE_company-0 NE_person-0 state that the -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 offset trade level will be meet .
NE_person-0 also state a level of -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 be possible .
NE_company-0 be try to overturn the selection of the NE_aircraft-type-0 @-@ 15 k through legal action because it state the NE_aircraft-type-1 be more modern and cheaper .
NE_company-0 vice president for communication NE_person-0 state disappointment by NE_company-1 's legal action .
NE_person-0 also state that NE_company-0 should respect the defense ministry decision .
NE_company-0 be an aerospace company based in the NE_country-0 .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( kh ) ; NE_country-1 ( vn )
international ; narcotic
NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 finalize an agreement to stop NE_continent-0 and NE_continent-1 drug trafficker .
they will focus on the import of cheap chemical drug make in NE_country-0 .
on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 finalize an agreement to stop NE_continent-0 and NE_continent-1 drug trafficker .
they will focus on the import of cheap chemical drug make in NE_country-0 .
deputy secretary general of NE_country-0 's NE_government-organization-0 NE_person-0 say cambodian and vietnamese official have arrest NE_continent-0 national and NE_continent-1 who be attempt to trade heroin through NE_country-1 into NE_country-2 .
NE_person-0 say the NE_government-organization-0 will continue to combat and reduce illegal drug traffic .
drug consumption among NE_country-0 adolescent have increase .
ecstasy and other drug be accessible at nightclub in the capital at a low cost .
NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 agree to share intelligence , cooperate between agent and create border liaison office in a -CONST--0 @-@ day meet to be hold later this week .
NE_person-0 state that there be an agreement to construct cross @-@ border liaison office in both country to combat current drug traffic .
the agreement include exchange of experience in organize treatment and rehabilitation for drug addict .
it would also be use to combat people smuggle between NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 .
NE_country-0 police detain -CONST--0 women on suspicion of human traffic and smuggle NE_country-1 virgin to NE_country-2 brothel .
they be less than -CONST--0 dollar each .
NE_country-0 have for many year be use as a transit point for heroin and opium traffic .
the ENT_government-organization-0 maintain ENT_government-organization-1 have adopt strict policy to fight the illegal trade of narcotic .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( my )
international ; ENT_government-organization-0 ; terrorism ; crime
senior official from the -CONST--0 @-@ member NE_organization-0 ( asean ) draw up a joint draft statement to be adopt by security minister next week .
the statement state that closer cooperation amongst the nation be need to counter terrorism .
-CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 -- in a draft statement the NE_organization-0 ) agree closer cooperation be need to counter terrorism and transnational crime .
the statement will be adopt by security minister next week .
an anonymous NE_organization-0 senior official state --
the NE_organization-0 minister ' joint statement address the need for closer cooperation .
proceed from organize crime syndicate often fund terrorist activity .
NE_organization-0 have a plan to counter terrorism together .
the plan will be implement within -CONST--0 month .
the meet have be fruitful .
the draft statement state --
NE_organization-0 minister be concern about the link between transnational crime and terrorism .
the link between transnational crime and terrorism lend greater urgency to NE_organization-0 's effort to combat transnational crime .
NE_organization-0 senior official agree on the draft after -CONST--0 day of intense discussion .
the draft will be submit to NE_organization-0 's respective minister to discuss and adopt .
from -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 the interior minister of the NE_organization-0 country will meet for -CONST--3 day in NE_city-0 .
the work program include an exchange of information and development of multilateral or bilateral legal arrangement to facilitate apprehension .
NE_organization-0 official agree to enhance cooperation and coordination in law enforcement and intelligence share .
NE_organization-0 official agree to develop regional train programs .
NE_organization-0 official hold an expert group meet in -CONST--0 -CONST--1 in NE_island-0 , NE_country-0 .
the NE_event-0 in NE_island-0 produce a work program that be discuss and finalize by the NE_organization-0 senior official who have be meet in NE_city-0 since -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 .
the NE_organization-0 have -CONST--0 member country .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( mm ) ; NE_country-1 ( th ) ; NE_country-2 )
international ; narcotic ; politics
NE_country-0 be the world 's largest producer of illegal opium but have limit financial and technical resource for end the drug trade .
NE_country-0 have ask the NE_organization-0 and the international community to assist in these effort .
NE_country-0 propose a ministerial meet with NE_country-1 and NE_country-2 to discuss effective way to end drug traffic .
NE_country-0 propose talk to be hold in -CONST--0 -CONST--1 or -CONST--2 -CONST--3 .
accord to the NE_country-0 NE_government-organization-0 anti @-@ narcotic report publish earlier in -CONST--0 --
follow the destruction of poppy field in NE_country-0 , NE_country-1 have become the world 's largest producer of illegal opium .
NE_country-0 be the primary source of amphetamine @-@ type stimulant in NE_continent-0 .
director of NE_country-0 's NE_government-organization-0 colonel NE_person-0 address reporter at a -CONST--0 @-@ day meet of senior official from the NE_organization-0 ( asean ) .
NE_person-0 announce --
NE_country-0 , NE_country-1 and NE_country-2 must cooperate to effectively end the drug trade .
NE_country-0 do not yet have confirmation from NE_country-1 and NE_country-2 .
NE_country-0 have difficulty end drug @-@ plant activity due to lack of fund and technical expertise .
the majority of poppy grow in NE_country-0 take place in a remote , mountainous area along the border of NE_country-1 and NE_country-2 .
NE_organization-0 and the rest of the international community be responsible to help fight drug production and traffic .
NE_country-0 be optimistic that drug plant in the country would be eradicate with the introduction of alternate cash crop plant in -CONST--0 and tough police .
fear that drug money be be use to finance terror group be unfounded .
NE_organization-0 member be NE_country-0 , NE_country-1 , NE_country-2 , NE_country-3 , NE_country-4 , NE_country-5 , NE_country-6 , NE_country-7 , NE_country-8 and NE_country-9 .
NE_country-0 , NE_country-1 and NE_country-2 be know as the NE_world-region-0 country .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ): NE_country-1 ( pk ) ; NE_country-2 ( af )
international ; economy ; politics
at a NE_organization-0 @-@ sponsor conference NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 pledge to assist neighboring NE_country-2 by increase private sector activity .
on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 at a NE_organization-0 @-@ sponsor conference NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 pledge economic assistance to NE_country-2 .
NE_country-0 neighbors NE_country-1 and NE_country-2 .
NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 plan to increase private sector activity with NE_country-2 .
NE_country-0 finance and economy minister NE_person-0 announce --
increase NE_country-0 's trade with NE_country-1 and NE_country-2 will reinstate NE_country-3 's economy after -CONST--0 year of war .
key sector of cooperation between NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 include oil and petro @-@ chemical industry , build and road construction , agricultural machinery and manufacture .
NE_country-0 , NE_country-1 and NE_country-2 must collaborate to end the illegal opium trade .
NE_country-0 finance and economy minister NE_person-0 announce --
NE_country-0 be eager to cooperate with NE_country-1 in international and regional effort .
NE_country-0 have take step to facilitate movement of people and goods between NE_country-1 and NE_country-2 for economic reconstruction .
key sector of cooperation between NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 include agriculture , rural development , civil aviation , finance and bank , engineer service , judicial and legal service and the establishment of small and medium @-@ size firm .
NE_country-0 will offer college place for teacher , doctor , nurse and paramedics .
NE_country-0 trade with NE_country-1 have increase since the war end .
NE_country-0 expect private sector activity between NE_country-1 and NE_country-2 to further develop peace .
deputy head of NE_country-0 's interim ENT_government-organization-0 and minister of finance NE_person-0 state --
NE_country-0 expect private sector activity to aid NE_country-1 's reconstruction .
NE_country-0 be prepare liberal economic legislation that will facilitate foreign trade and private sector activity .
NE_country-0 seek political stability , economic development and a legislative and institutional base .
NE_country-0 plan to serve as a bridge between NE_world-region-0 and NE_world-region-1 and seek help from the NE_organization-0 .
iranian foreign minister NE_person-0 state the meet must reinforce the friendship and speed up regional cooperation between NE_country-0 , NE_country-1 and NE_country-2 .
speaker address opium production and traffic in NE_country-0 .
opium crop be suppress by the later rule of the NE_criminal-organization-0 .
opium have reemerged since a NE_country-0 @-@ lead military alliance topple the NE_criminal-organization-0 in -CONST--0 -CONST--1 .
NE_country-0 interim ENT_government-organization-0 NE_person-0 and the international community promote a crop substitution program for farmer .
head of NE_organization-0 NE_person-0 announce concern about NE_country-0 interim ENT_government-organization-0 NE_person-1 's ability to police the drug trade .
he state --
NE_country-0 be in a state of flux .
NE_country-0 have security problem .
NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 have long fight over NE_country-2 .
the NE_criminal-organization-0 rule NE_country-0 from -CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 .
NE_country-0 back the depose NE_criminal-organization-0 .
NE_country-0 fund NE_country-1 's rebel NE_organization-0 .
the NE_organization-0 play a major roll in unseat the NE_criminal-organization-0 .
together NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 have host more than -CONST--0 NE_country-2 refugee during ENT_temporal-quantity-0 of civil war .
afghan refugee be now start to return to NE_country-0 after civil war .
deputy head of NE_country-0 interim ENT_government-organization-0 NE_person-0 visit NE_city-0 for the first time .
member of the NE_organization-0 include the NE_world-region-0 country and NE_country-0 .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( vn ) ; NE_country-1 ( tw )
international ; narcotic ; crime
NE_country-0 national execute in NE_country-1 for drug manufacture and traffic .
police in the strict communist country discover his methamphetamine manufacture plant disguise as a soap factory and sentence him to death in -CONST--0 .
on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 official state that NE_country-0 national NE_person-0 be execute by fire squad in NE_country-1 's ENT_ordinal-entity-0 execution of a foreigner .
NE_person-0 be sentence to death in -CONST--0 for the illegal manufacture of methamphetamines disguise as a soap manufacture plant .
court official in the -CONST--0 state that NE_person-0 be execute in NE_city-0 on -CONST--1 -CONST--2 -CONST--3 .
the businessman be arrest with several NE_country-0 accomplice in -CONST--0 after -CONST--1 kilogram ( -CONST--2 pound ) of methamphethamine chlorohydrate be find store in the downtown soap factory NE_person-0 have establish in -CONST--3 .
police establish that NE_person-0 have already export at least -CONST--0 shipment of the drug before his illegal manufacture operation be discover .
NE_person-0 traveled to NE_country-0 regularly since -CONST--0 .
the crystalline amphetamine derivative be smokable and have a very large illegal market in NE_world-region-0 .
the drug be also know as ice or shabu .
NE_country-0 have execute -CONST--0 NE_world-region-0 national to date .
the NE_world-region-0 national execute be a NE_country-0 @-@ canadian woman whose execution in -CONST--0 cause a diplomatic controversy with NE_country-1 .
the other foreigner execute be NE_continent-0 .
-CONST--0 NE_city-0 national be execute in -CONST--1 and -CONST--2 in -CONST--3 .
NE_country-0 national be execute in -CONST--0 and -CONST--1 .
a NE_country-0 be execute in -CONST--0 .
more foreign national receive the death penalty from the court but most have their sentence commute on appeal .
-CONST--0 NE_country-0 national of NE_country-1 origin be currently await trial on drug charge which carry the death penalty .
NE_country-0 's communist authority impose the death penalty for a total of -CONST--0 different offenses include murder , treason , sexual offenses against children , serious case of arm robbery , various economic crime and drug traffic .
drug traffic result in -CONST--0 death sentence in -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 in -CONST--3 and -CONST--4 in -CONST--5 .
under NE_country-0 's strict drug law anyone find in possession of -CONST--0 gram ( -CONST--1 ounce ) or more of heroin or -CONST--2 kilogram ( -CONST--3 pound ) or more of opium be consider guilty of traffic .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( mm )
narcotic ; media
NE_publication-0 , member of international and local press , and NE_organization-0 representative and diplomat witness NE_country-0 destroy illicit drug the authority capture .
junta spokesman colonel NE_person-0 state that NE_country-0 become poor because of their try to be so clean .
NE_person-0 take picture of -CONST--0 of dollar worth of poppy seed , refine drug and precursor chemical curl up in smoke .
NE_publication-0 , member of international and local press , and NE_organization-0 representative and diplomat witness NE_country-0 destroy illicit drug the authority capture .
NE_person-0 say NE_country-0 would be one of the richest country in the region if they be as corrupt as outsider claim .
NE_person-0 state that illicit drug worth some -CONST--0 dollar have be destroy by authority since -CONST--1 .
NE_person-0 say it be enough to pay NE_country-0 's national debt -CONST--0 time over .
drug @-@ burn ceremony be regular event in NE_country-0 .
critic argue that it do not reflect the massive drug industry in the country .
resident representative of the NE_organization-0 ) NE_person-0 say this one be different .
almost -CONST--0 ton of poppy seed be burn in the capital of NE_country-0 's northern NE_state-0 at this ceremony .
the ceremony also include -CONST--0 kilogram of opium , -CONST--1 kilogram of morphine powder , -CONST--2 kilogram of solid morphine and various precursor chemical .
NE_person-0 say that this ceremony have less process opium and heroin than opium seed .
it make it more symbolic and indicate the willingness of those directly involve to eliminate the opium .
the destruction form part of the NE_government-organization-0 's project new destiny .
it aim to prevent poppy cultivation by distribute seed for substitution crop .
farmer have be ask to grow -CONST--0 kind of alternative crop across -CONST--1 acre ( -CONST--2 hectare ) of land instead of opium .
global narcotic authority declare NE_country-0 the world 's largest producer of opium in -CONST--0 .
they account for as much as -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 of global supply .
NE_country-0 beat NE_country-1 because the NE_criminal-organization-0 militia 's enforce ban on opium poppy decrease afghan production by -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 .
critic say the NE_country-0 regime overlook much of the production and traffic in drug by ethnic insurgent group .
in particular the largest arm drug militia in the world the NE_organization-0 .
NE_country-0 's home minister colonel NE_person-0 say the success of NE_project-0 be evidence by the ton of poppy seed that have be turn in rather than seize .
NE_person-0 state his confidence in the drug scourge that threaten the world will not find a place in NE_country-0 if the local population be commit to this sort of cooperation .
NE_city-0 be one of the regime 's showpiece for its previous crop substitution programs .
it have expanse of rubber tree , fruit orchard and paddy where poppy use to thrive .
the poppy yield the raw ingredient for heroin .
NE_city-0 be locate in the infamous NE_world-region-0 .
reform drug lord and leader of the NE_ethnic-group-0 NE_person-0 pledge commitment to the ENT_government-organization-0 program .
the NE_ethnic-group-0 comprise the majority of the population in NE_country-0 .
NE_person-0 predict that start today there will be no destruction ceremony in the future because no more poppy will be grow .
NE_person-0 say this at another ceremony that destroy more than -CONST--0 ton of poppy seed .
NE_person-0 appeal for help from the international community .
the international community be reluctant to give help .
NE_person-0 request the distinguish guest to understand NE_country-0 's situation more and give practical advice and support .
NE_organization-0 's NE_person-0 ENT_amr-unknown-0 ask by NE_publication-0 ENT_amr-unknown-1 impact NE_project-0 have on the international community hope it would have a positive impact and that some additional fund would come forward .
NE_person-0 say so much depends on the political situation in this country .
there be hope for further political change follow the -CONST--0 -CONST--1 release of pro @-@ democracy NE_person-0 from -CONST--2 month house arrest .
the regime seek the NE_country-0 approval for the project .
its global announcement come via the regime 's newly @-@ appoint public relation firm in NE_city-0 .
the NE_country-0 charge d'affaires NE_person-0 say maybe because -CONST--0 have to be a multi @-@ faceted , sustain effort for it to work and that there should be measurable result .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( ru ) ; NE_country-1 ( ir )
international ; ENT_government-organization-0 ; weapon ; technology ; proliferation
ecological NE_organization-0 state on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 that NE_country-0 help NE_country-1 to develop nuclear weapon by build NE_country-2 's NE_city-0 atomic power station .
the russian branch of NE_organization-0 distribute a report at a press conference of NE_country-0 's atomic energy ministry .
the ministry concede that the russo @-@ NE_country-0 accord on the plant 's construction do not require the repatriation of the nuclear fuel .
the report state that the recycle of nuclear fuel from NE_city-0 be not mention in the accord between the NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 ENT_government-organization-0 on the construction of the plant .
NE_organization-0 member NE_person-0 say the ministry have practically admit that NE_country-0 will not return to NE_country-1 the spent nuclear fuel from the power station and NE_country-2 's only use for NE_country-3 be to equip itself with nuclear weapon .
the atomic energy ministry confirm the report 's existence and strongly deny NE_organization-0 's accusation .
ministry spokesman NE_person-0 tell NE_publication-0 that NE_country-0 would only supply nuclear fuel to NE_country-1 on condition that it be return to NE_country-2 after its use .
NE_person-0 say NE_country-0 be currently in negotiation with NE_country-1 .
this issue will be settle before the power station come into operation .
NE_person-0 say the accord on NE_city-0 be sign before NE_country-0 pass a law permit the import of nuclear waste last year .
this explain why the accord make no mention of the return of the fuel .
NE_person-0 say it be very difficult to make a nuclear weapon from the plutonium in this fuel .
the NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 fear that the NE_country-2 @-@ NE_country-3 nuclear cooperation could enable NE_city-0 to acquire the technology need to build nuclear weapon .
NE_country-0 dismiss this accusation .
NE_country-0 order the power station in -CONST--0 at a cost of nearly -CONST--1 dollar ( 860 million euros ) from NE_country-1 .
NE_country-0 have say the plant be be build only for civilian energy purpose and allow regular inspection of bushehr by the NE_organization-0 .
expert say NE_facility-0 could in theory become operational as early as -CONST--0 -CONST--1 .
currently it be equip with a single reactor .
NE_country-0 NE_group-0 pull out of the long @-@ stand project at the request of the NE_country-1 ENT_government-organization-0 after NE_country-2 's -CONST--0 NE_religious-group-0 revolution .
NE_country-0 president NE_person-0 raise the NE_country-1 's concern about NE_country-2 nuclear cooperation with NE_country-3 at the summit in NE_city-0 last month between bush and his NE_country-4 counterpart NE_person-1 .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( mm ) ; NE_country-1 ( kh ) ; NE_country-2 ( af ) ; NE_country-3 ( cn ) ; NE_country-4 ( id ) ; NE_country-5 ( th )
narcotic ; crime ; international
NE_continent-0 country participate in NE_festival-0 on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 by execute drug trafficker and burn narcotic worth -CONST--3 NE_country-0 dollar .
participate country adopt tough position in order to demonstrate commitment to eradicate the problem .
the NE_government-organization-0 report that on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 -CONST--3 people be sentence to death in NE_city-0 , NE_country-0 and that -CONST--4 of those sentence be immediately take to the execution ground and shoot .
the NE_government-organization-0 report state that in recent year in NE_city-0 the number of drug crime have increase .
the report state that the drug situation in NE_city-0 be become serious as drug criminal be establish connection with criminal outside the province .
NE_city-0 be the capital of the southwest NE_province-0 .
at least -CONST--0 more drug criminal have be report execute in NE_country-0 in the past week to mark NE_festival-0 .
in total NE_country-0 execute at least -CONST--0 drug criminal as part of the observance .
NE_country-0 president NE_person-0 adopt a strict position call for the death sentence for drug trafficker .
NE_person-0 state --
life sentence and other prison sentence be no longer sufficient for those who distribute drug .
no sentence be sufficient other than the death sentence .
the military junta of NE_country-0 burn narcotic it say be worth more than -CONST--0 NE_country-1 dollar in its latest attempt to convince critic it be commit to eradicate their drug problem .
the junta accompany by military pageant ignite an incinerator into which worker shoveled bag of heroin brick and amphetamine .
NE_country-0 's top ruler senior general NE_person-0 and international diplomat attend the burn ceremony in NE_city-0 .
-CONST--0 kilogram ( 6650 pound ) of opium , -CONST--1 kilogram of heroin , -CONST--2 kilogram of marijuana , -CONST--3 amphetamine tablet , -CONST--4 ephedrine tablet and -CONST--5 kilogram of powder ephedrine be burn .
NE_country-0 anti @-@ drug official brigadier @-@ general NE_person-0 state in a speech before the burn that the myanmar ENT_government-organization-0 be aware of the serious threat that drug pose and consider it a national duty to do all it can to eradicate the problem .
NE_government-organization-0 official help conduct spot check to verify the destruction .
NE_country-0 be the world 's largest producer of illicit opium accord to the latest NE_government-organization-0 anti @-@ narcotic report .
NE_country-0 be also the primary source of amphetamine @-@ type stimulant in NE_continent-0 .
critic claim narcotic trade finance NE_country-0 's military ENT_government-organization-0 but the ENT_government-organization-1 state it be do all it can to restrict drug trade and want more international help to do so .
in NE_country-0 NE_princess-0 preside over the burn of more than -CONST--0 ton of seized drug .
health minister NE_person-0 report to princess NE_person-1 that the event be meant to demonstrate the ENT_government-organization-0 's strong determination to eradicate the drug problem .
in NE_city-0 on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 the head of the NE_organization-0 ( undcp ) NE_person-0 state --
war @-@ NE_country-0 continue to be the top supplier of heroin to NE_continent-0 and the producer of almost all the opiate consume in NE_world-region-0 .
NE_country-0 be the source of approximately -CONST--0 to -CONST--1 ENT_percentage-entity-0 of the heroin find in NE_continent-0 market .
no country be immune from the issue of drug @-@ abuse .
newly @-@ elect president of NE_country-0 NE_person-0 have vow to eradicate poppy cultivation from NE_country-1 .
in NE_country-0 several -CONST--0 people marched through the capital NE_city-0 to appeal for an end to grow drug use .
NE_organization-0 official NE_person-0 state that people be unite this day to demonstrate to the world a commitment to fight drug abuse .
NE_person-0 state that NE_country-0 's past reputation as -CONST--0 of the few NE_world-region-0 country without a drug problem be no long accurate as drug abuse in the country be rapidly increase .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( in )
international ; military ; war and conflict ; weapon ; technology
NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 test NE_country-1 rocket amid effort to increase defense against possible NE_country-2 attack .
NE_country-0 defense ministry have increase spend on defense purchase .
on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 test @-@ fire the multiple @-@ role NE_country-1 @-@ make rocket system know as NE_product-0 from a missile test range in the eastern NE_state-0 .
official say a contingent of NE_country-0 military expert be also at the site of the launch .
-CONST--0 ministry official state the smart rocket have a maximum range of -CONST--1 kilometers ( 56 mile ) and be capable of striking target in the air or on land .
NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 have develop an array of guide and ballistic missile and be reportedly experiment with a maritime cruise missile that can carry nuclear warhead .
NE_country-0 defense secretary NE_person-0 state --
there be a missile threat to NE_country-0 .
NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 be give top priority to a system for missile defense .
NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 be simultaneously upgrade land and air surveillance system .
NE_country-0 defense ministry have increase defense spend for new purchase by -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 .
there have be a sharp increase in NE_country-0 defense ministry 's purchase of military hardware include night vision device , unman aerial vehicle and other anti @-@ terrorism device .
NE_person-0 also state the NE_country-0 defense ministry have seek ENT_government-organization-0 approval to allow the ministry to carry forward unutilized military budgetary allocation from 1 fiscal year to another .
NE_person-0 state that carry forward the military budget be a long @-@ stand convention in NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 .
the defense ministry have be criticize for not utilize fund make available every year for acquisition of latest equipment include the missile defense shield .
the NE_religious-group-0 newspaper state NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 have already acquire an early warn system to counter the threat of a missile attack by NE_country-1 ENT_government-organization-1 .
NE_person-0 state on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 that NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 have already acquire NE_country-1 NE_radar-0 that be capable of simultaneously track several in @-@ flight missile .
the NE_newspaper-0 report that NE_country-0 have petition israeli government to allow the ENT_government-organization-0 of NE_city-0 to either buy or borrow the israeli ENT_government-organization-1 's new NE_satellite-0 spy NE_satellite-1 and acquire NE_country-1 's NE_system-0 anti @-@ missile system .
the NE_newspaper-0 report that NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 reject both request and that NE_country-1 ENT_government-organization-1 state the NE_satellite-0 could not be move from the NE_satellite-1 's NE_country-2 @-@ NE_country-3 @-@ NE_country-4 trajectory and the NE_product-0 be still be develop .
the NE_newspaper-0 also report that NE_country-0 defense ministry 's director general NE_person-0 visit NE_city-0 -CONST--0 last ENT_temporal-quantity-0 in response to the NE_country-1 defense ministry 's request .
NE_person-0 do not reveal name of country NE_country-0 be negotiate with to acquire the missile shield .
on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 NE_person-0 state that NE_city-0 be discuss the issue with the NE_country-0 .
indian ENT_government-organization-0 's attempt to upgrade system to counter missile attack occur as ENT_government-organization-1 and pakistani ENT_government-organization-2 have place about -CONST--0 troop on NE_country-0 @-@ NE_country-1 border since -CONST--1 -CONST--2 .
in -CONST--0 -CONST--1 NE_country-0 test @-@ fire -CONST--2 missile capable of carry nuclear warhead .
since independence from NE_country-0 rule in -CONST--0 NE_country-1 and NE_country-2 ENT_government-organization-0 have fight -CONST--1 of -CONST--2 war over NE_world-region-0 .
NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 ENT_government-organization-0 nearly engage in a ENT_ordinal-entity-0 conflict in -CONST--0 .
NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 ENT_government-organization-0 each conduct nuclear test in -CONST--0 -CONST--1 .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( my ) ; NE_country-1 ( id ) ; NE_country-2 ( ph )
international ; terrorism ; ENT_government-organization-0 ; politics
NE_country-0 propose expansion of anti @-@ terrorism pact with NE_country-1 and the NE_country-2 to entire NE_organization-0 .
terrorism be expand across southeast NE_continent-0 .
the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 propose the expansion of an anti @-@ terrorism pact with NE_country-1 and the NE_country-2 to encompass the remainder of southeast NE_continent-0 .
NE_country-0 foreign minister NE_person-0 state that other member of the NE_organization-0 ( asean ) will be encourage to accede to the pact at talk next week with asean foreign minister in NE_country-1 .
NE_person-0 state that NE_country-0 , NE_country-1 and NE_country-2 have express interest in join the pact .
NE_country-0 defense NE_person-0 state --
cooperation by poor country may be stymie by financial constraint and a perception that terrorism do not directly affect these country .
an NE_organization-0 pact be beneficial in the long @-@ term but will be difficult to implement because national security issue and interstate rivalry may make some of NE_organization-1 's -CONST--0 member wary to divulge information .
NE_organization-0 must agree on a definition of terrorism to identify the common enemy .
ENT_date-entity-0 senior NE_organization-0 member NE_country-0 , NE_country-1 and the NE_country-2 sign an anti @-@ terror security pact intend to initiate the eradication of terrorism from the region .
the -CONST--0 country share sea border frequently used by pirate and criminal in evade pursue troop .
the pact include plan to trace and freeze terror fund and exchange information to curb cross @-@ border piracy , drug traffic , illegal entry and illegal traffic of women and children .
NE_person-0 state that after ENT_date-entity-0 country should exchange information that may affect transnational crime such as fund of terrorist that may be keep in other country or ENT_ordinal-entity-0 party information to combat the greater threat of international terrorism .
NE_person-0 of the NE_country-0 @-@ based NE_organization-0 state --
the trilateral pact between NE_country-0 , NE_country-1 and the NE_country-2 constitute a constructive ENT_ordinal-entity-0 step .
NE_country-0 and other NE_organization-0 member must more proactively monitor terrorist activity and establish a concrete mechanism among national agency for the protracted conflict .
ENT_date-entity-0 NE_organization-0 security minister at a meet in NE_city-0 fail to agree on a definition of terrorism but agree to increase cooperation among state enforcement agency and endorse the use of detention without trial for suspect militant in NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 .
objection be raise concern NE_country-0 's proposal to include state terrorism in the definition .
NE_person-0 state --
the agreement among NE_country-0 , NE_country-1 and the NE_country-2 may have be aim at ingratiate the NE_country-3 rather than combating terrorism .
since the pact be sign no progress have occur .
the creation of a formalized security structure in combating terror will be decelerate by the NE_organization-0 's model of act on consensus .
official state that after the meet in NE_country-0 ENT_date-entity-0 @-@ ENT_date-entity-1 NE_organization-0 major NE_world-region-0 trade partner be expect to demand freeze of terror fund and stronger counter @-@ terrorism cooperation .
-CONST--0 of suspect terrorist allegedly link to NE_criminal-organization-0 in NE_country-0 , NE_country-1 and the NE_country-2 have reveal the existence of a regional NE_religious-group-0 militant group call the -CONST--1 -CONST--2 , which also operate in NE_country-3 .
NE_world-region-0 be now suspect as a potential new haven for NE_criminal-organization-0 operative escape NE_country-0 and ally attack in NE_country-1 and elsewhere .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( vn )
international ; telecom ; dissent ; ENT_government-organization-0
NE_country-0 announce that all NE_country-1 @-@ based websites will require a license to operate in NE_country-2 in order to control the dissemination of reactionary or pornographic material online .
on ENT_date-entity-0 official state that all NE_country-0 @-@ based websites will require a license to operate in -CONST--0 in new vietnamese ENT_government-organization-0 effort to control the dissemination of reactionary or pornographic material online .
NE_person-0 state to NE_publication-0 that the newly @-@ impose website license rule seek to prevent harmful information from threaten NE_country-0 culture and national security .
do NE_person-0 be a spokesman for the NE_country-0 NE_organization-0 .
NE_person-0 state that the NE_country-0 NE_organization-0 will take -CONST--0 day to license eligible websites that do not include pornographic material , information that harm the national security or encourage violence and anti @-@ ENT_government-organization-0 activity .
diplomatic , foreign and press institution must obtain permission from the NE_government-organization-0 before apply for license permit them to distribute content online in NE_country-0 .
NE_person-0 state that any NE_country-0 @-@ based website must clearly display the website license number and ENT_date-entity-0 on its homepage .
writer and intellectual in NE_country-0 have increasingly employ the internet to distribute news or opinion ban from the tightly @-@ control vietnamese state press .
the number of internet user in NE_country-0 be rapidly increase and could reach -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 of its -CONST--1 resident by ENT_date-entity-0 .
as of ENT_date-entity-0 there be only 175000 register internet user in NE_country-0 .
register internet user in NE_country-0 increase by -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 from ENT_date-entity-0 to ENT_date-entity-1 .
most vietnamese gain internet access via the NE_country-0 's -CONST--0 @-@ plus internet cafe .
it be estimate that the number of people with online access in NE_country-0 may be as many as -CONST--0 .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( iq )
proliferation ; international
NE_organization-0 director state it would be difficult for NE_country-0 to conceal a nuclear weapon program if international inspector be allow to return .
inspector would perform various test , visit , and interview and their presence alone in the country would be a deterrent .
on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 NE_organization-0 ( iaea ) director NE_person-0 state it be unlikely that NE_country-0 could conceal a nuclear weapon program if it allow international inspector to return .
NE_person-0 state that once inspector be work in NE_country-0 their presence alone would be a deterrent to develop nuclear weapon .
NE_person-0 state to reporter at his headquarters in NE_city-0 --
it be difficult to conceal a nuclear program if thorough inspection be perform because nuclear product always have a signature .
trace be always visible if highly enrich uranium or plutonium be use .
NE_person-0 state that inspector would perform environmental sample , gamma radiation survey from helicopter , internal periodic visit to all capable site and interview with all former nuclear scientist to confirm that they be not work in the nuclear program .
NE_person-0 state that the NE_organization-0 could not give a -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 guarantee but that the presence of inspector would be a good deterrent and a good mechanism for detection .
NE_person-0 state --
it be necessary to control import to NE_country-0 because of the risk that NE_country-1 be receive nuclear material from outside the country .
there must be physical protection of all nuclear material particularly in the former NE_country-0 .
there must be strong unanimous support by the NE_organization-0 to force NE_country-0 to comply with NE_organization-1 inspection .
the NE_organization-0 must be give as much intelligence information as possible to guide inspector to anything that should be inspect or to any item hidden from inspector .
the NE_organization-0 have be meet in open session to discuss the NE_country-0 issue before the vote on condition under which NE_organization-1 weapon inspector will return to NE_city-0 to verify iraqi assertion that it do not possess nuclear , chemical or biological weapon .
NE_organization-0 weapon inspector depart NE_city-0 in -CONST--0 .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( bd )
international ; politics ; ENT_government-organization-0 ; leader ; human right ; dissent
NE_country-0 opposition claim a crime crackdown be carry out by the army be become political witchhunt , and human right group claim fundamental right be be violate .
NE_country-0 's main opposition NE_person-0 say ENT_date-entity-0 that an army crackdown on crime be turn into a political witchhunt and targeting her NE_political-party-0 .
troop be order into the street more than -CONST--0 week ago to eliminate rampant crime but human right group claim fundamental right be be trample .
newspaper and right group put the toll of those who have die in police and military custody at -CONST--0 .
official say more than -CONST--0 people have be take into custody since the crackdown begin ENT_date-entity-0 .
the ENT_government-organization-0 have confirm the death of -CONST--0 people due to heart attack .
relative allege some suspect have be torture in custody .
the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 and NE_city-0 @-@ based NE_organization-0 have also express concern about the custodial death .
NE_organization-0 urge a prompt and fair investigation by an independent body into the death .
NE_person-0 tell reporter at the airport on her return from a private trip to the NE_country-0 and NE_continent-0 that initially it appear to be a neutral anti @-@ crime drive and the opposition NE_political-party-0 welcome it .
NE_person-0 say the crackdown be gradually turn into one to eliminate the opposition .
NE_person-0 want the military to arrest real criminal and not violate NE_country-0 's constitution and human right because of concern about such violation in the name of anti @-@ crime drive .
NE_person-0 say the military have to operate within the law of the land as no one be above the law .
police say the army hadon ENT_date-entity-0 arrest former state minister and NE_political-party-0 lawmaker NE_person-0 in southwestern NE_city-0 soon after he speak at a news conference against the deployment .
the NE_newspaper-0 report that an imam and a local leader of fundamentalist NE_group-0 be also arrest on ENT_date-entity-0 in NE_city-0 .
former minister and NE_political-party-0 lawmaker NE_person-0 and NE_person-1 's political secretary ex @-@ minister NE_person-2 be arrest ENT_date-entity-0 along with independent mp NE_person-3 .
NE_person-0 , NE_person-1 and NE_person-2 be be detain under the strict ENT_date-entity-0 NE_law-0 allow detention for -CONST--0 day without charge .
NE_person-0 question how -CONST--0 of the NE_political-party-0 's ex @-@ minister could be terrorist .
NE_person-0 be apparently unaware of the claim of the arrest of the NE_organization-0 leader when add that it be an open secret that the NE_organization-1 student wing have weapon and wonder ENT_amr-unknown-0 none of the NE_organization-2 have be arrest so far .
NE_person-0 say the NE_political-party-0 would raise the issue when parliament reconvenes ENT_date-entity-0 .
NE_country-0 's prime minister NE_person-0 's islamist @-@ ally ENT_government-organization-0 include -CONST--0 cabinet minister from the NE_organization-0 .
NE_person-0 's ENT_government-organization-0 deny the drive be politically biased and stress that activist from rule NE_political-party-0 ( bnp ) have also be detain .
a young NE_political-party-0 activist die ENT_date-entity-0 in a hospital after be interrogate by the army .
police say the activist be want in a number of case .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( ru )
terrorism ; international ; politics
the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 hail cooperation of NE_ethnic-group-0 country in fight terrorism and say not one NE_ethnic-group-1 state back the NE_province-0 separatist who be accuse of wage a terrorist campaign .
NE_country-0 foreign minister NE_person-0 and NE_organization-0 ( gcc ) secretary general NE_person-1 hold talk on ENT_date-entity-0 .
NE_country-0 NE_government-organization-0 spokesman NE_person-0 say afterward that not a single NE_ethnic-group-0 country support rebel in NE_province-0 .
NE_person-0 say the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 find it inadmissible to link individual state or religion with terrorism or extremism and be grateful to those NE_ethnic-group-0 state which be try to cooperate with NE_country-1 law enforcement agency to cut channel for fund terrorist organization .
the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 have consistently seek to portray its campaign against a separatist insurgency in NE_province-0 as part of the global war on terrorism and say that rebel group be receive back from the terrorist NE_network-0 and from shadowy NE_religious-group-0 radical group based in country such as NE_country-1 .
a senior NE_government-organization-0 official say last week that the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 might ask the NE_organization-0 state NE_country-1 to extradite NE_person-0 .
NE_person-0 be a former NE_province-0 vice @-@ president and aide to rebel president NE_person-1 .
the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 accuse NE_person-0 of involvement in the ENT_date-entity-0 hostage @-@ take in a NE_city-0 theater .
NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 spokesman NE_person-0 say NE_country-1 's response would demonstrate the extent of that NE_country-2 's willingness to cooperate in the fight against international terrorism .
NE_person-0 say that stronger tie between NE_country-0 and the NE_organization-0 state could play a special role in combating international terrorism .
NE_person-0 say NE_person-1 's visit will contribute to increase cooperation between the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 and the -CONST--0 NE_ethnic-group-0 monarchy of the NE_world-region-0 .
NE_person-0 say the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 want to strengthen its tie with the NE_world-region-0 country and that these tie have begin to strengthen recently .
ivanovalso say the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 would like to develop them further and particularly in area of mutual interest .
the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 have traditionally be close to the NE_ethnic-group-0 side in the NE_world-region-0 conflict and have speak strongly against NE_country-1 arm intervention against NE_country-2 in the stand @-@ off over disarmament .
NE_person-0 say that NE_person-1 's talk with NE_country-0 government official ENT_date-entity-0 and ENT_date-entity-1 be likely to focus on oil issue and note that both the ENT_government-organization-0 and the NE_world-region-0 country be interested in stable world price .
NE_person-0 say the main emphasis of the talk will be on NE_country-0 's possible involvement in the implementation of regional project run by the council and say that there will be particular emphasis on find peaceful , political and diplomatic way to settle the NE_country-1 issue .
NE_person-0 also plan to hold talk with economic minister and senior official such as the head of the NE_government-organization-0 NE_person-1 and the chairman of the NE_country-0 employer NE_organization-0 NE_person-2 .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( ru ) ; NE_country-1 ( fr )
international ; politics ; terrorism ; military
the NE_country-0 foreign minister NE_person-0 and defense minister NE_person-1 be to travel to NE_city-0 to meet the NE_country-1 foreign minister NE_person-2 and defense minister NE_person-3
on ENT_date-entity-0 the NE_agency-0 news NE_agency-1 state that NE_country-0 foreign minister NE_person-0 and defense minister NE_person-1 be to travel to NE_city-0 on ENT_date-entity-1 to meet the NE_country-1 foreign minister NE_person-2 and defense minister NE_person-3 .
the itar @-@ tass news NE_agency-0 cite defense ministry source state that the -CONST--0 minister will hold the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 meet of the NE_organization-0 on defense issue on ENT_date-entity-0 .
the itar @-@ tass news NE_agency-0 cite defense ministry source state that in the NE_organization-0 meet that much attention will be pay to the international fight against terrorism and that the NE_country-0 minister be plan to brief the NE_country-1 minister on the situation in the breakaway republic of NE_province-0 and on the border with neighboring NE_country-2 .
the itar @-@ tass news NE_agency-0 state that the russian minister also plan to discuss nuclear non @-@ proliferation issue and will confirm that the russian ENT_government-organization-0 have not breach any international agreement in NE_country-0 's cooperation with NE_country-1 and NE_country-2 in the area of nuclear technology and the sale of weapon .
the NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 minister also plan to discuss the the risk of the militarization of space follow the withdrawal by the NE_country-2 from the -CONST--0 NE_treaty-0 .
the NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 minister be also expect to meet with NE_country-2 president NE_person-0 to discuss the work of the NE_organization-0 .
NE_country-0 prime minister NE_person-0 be expect to receive the NE_country-1 prime minister NE_person-1 on ENT_date-entity-0 in NE_city-0 during the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 NE_seminar-0 .
it be expect that the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 NE_seminar-0 will be attend by many minister from both NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( tz )
international ; health
NE_country-0 vice president NE_person-0 say on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 that NE_continent-0 need its own health forum to create research priority to effectively combat disease on the continent .
NE_country-0 vice president NE_person-0 say on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 that NE_continent-0 need its own health forum to create research priority to effectively combat disease on the continent .
NE_person-0 state that NE_continent-0 will find it difficult to influence global research priority in its favor without a forum .
the continent lack resource .
NE_person-0 attend a -CONST--0 @-@ day meet to discuss global health at NE_city-0 in northern NE_country-0 .
NE_person-0 address more than -CONST--0 public health specialist from -CONST--1 country .
NE_person-0 tell delegate at the NE_organization-0 's ENT_temporal-quantity-0 meet that less than -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 of the global health research budget of -CONST--1 dollar go to NE_continent-0 .
NE_continent-0 have -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 of the global disease .
NE_person-0 say the formation of the NE_organization-0 and the NE_organization-1 be step in the right direction .
NE_organization-0 chairman NE_person-0 say it be unfair for poor country to be allocate meager sum of research fund .
NE_person-0 say the majority of the poor be get little health research fund compare to the wealthy few .
the NE_organization-0 be an independent , international foundation fund by the NE_organization-1 , the NE_organization-2 , the NE_organization-3 and the ENT_government-organization-0 of NE_country-0 , NE_country-1 , NE_country-2 , NE_country-3 , NE_country-4 and NE_country-5 .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( cn ) ; NE_country-1 ( us )
telecom ; international
new NE_country-0 study claim that one @-@ -CONST--0 of internet 's site be block by the NE_country-1 ENT_government-organization-0 authority use update filter technology .
a wide range of site include a very high percentage of news site and keywords be find to be block .
a NE_country-0 study release on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 state that one @-@ -CONST--3 of the internet 's site may be block by NE_country-1 authority as part of effort to prevent access to information on dissident , NE_country-2 , NE_province-0 and other subject .
the study be conduct by NE_university-0 's NE_organization-0 .
the study find that more than -CONST--0 of the approximately -CONST--1 websites test be inaccessible from at least -CONST--2 point in NE_country-0 on at least -CONST--3 occasion .
use a more narrow definition of block site the study conclude that -CONST--0 websites be be block to NE_country-0 web user .
NE_university-0 researcher and co @-@ author of the report NE_person-0 state that it be likely that similar percentage apply to the internet as a whole .
NE_person-0 tell NE_publication-0 that it be highly likely that approximately one @-@ -CONST--0 of the internet be filter by or recently have be filter by NE_country-0 .
NE_person-0 state that there be many different way to measure this effect and therefore hesitate to specify any single proportion .
the latest study be broader than prior survey and give perspective to disparate report about websites that be filter or block by NE_country-0 .
in the report it be conclude that --
NE_country-0 block a range of web content beyond that which be sexually explicit .
-CONST--0 of site provide information about news , health , education , and entertainment be block .
approximately -CONST--0 site from NE_country-0 be block .
the block site also include those of NE_country-0 news organization include NE_organization-0 and NE_organization-1 , the NE_engine-0 search engine , and a number of NE_country-1 university .
the researcher find that -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 of the top -CONST--1 site with keywords NE_province-0 , NE_country-0 NE_country-1 , or equality be block .
a large number of other site with keywords such as freedom , democracy and hiv be also block .
the NE_company-0 news site be consistently unavailable .
site for NE_publication-0 , NE_magazine-0 , NE_country-0 @-@ based NE_organization-0 , the NE_newspaper-0 , and the NE_newspaper-1 be also often block .
the report find that -CONST--0 of NE_company-0 's top -CONST--1 result for news be block .
religious site block in NE_country-0 include the NE_organization-0 , the NE_organization-1 , the NE_organization-2 , NE_organization-3 , the NE_organization-4 of NE_city-0 , and the NE_city-1 NE_organization-5 .
NE_country-0 have an estimate -CONST--0 internet user .
NE_country-0 have be widely criticize in the NE_world-region-0 for block websites and for imprison people for view ban site or use the internet for anti @-@ ENT_government-organization-0 activity .
the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 be believe to routinely block a large number of foreign @-@ based site primarily those feature dissident view or ban group such as the NE_organization-0 but also certain foreign news site and page show pornography .
a recent report by the NE_country-0 @-@ based NE_company-0 think tank find that the NE_country-1 ENT_government-organization-0 now use more technology to filter out objectionable content rather than relying solely on surveillance of user and seizure of equipment as ENT_government-organization-1 do in the past .
the NE_publication-0 release earlier in -CONST--0 found that NE_country-0 authority now appear to have more effective technology for filter out undesirable content .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_continent-0 ; NE_country-0 ( iq )
proliferation ; international ; science
a laboratory chief from the NE_organization-0 ( iaea ) say on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 that the NE_organization-1 's nuclear agency could detect even infinitesimal amount of radiation from weapon programs if they exist in sample from NE_country-0 .
a laboratory chief from the NE_organization-0 ( iaea ) say on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 that the NE_organization-1 's nuclear agency could detect infinitesimal amount of radiation from weapon programs if they exist in sample from NE_country-0 .
NE_person-0 spoke at the NE_organization-0 laboratory in NE_city-district-0 on the southwest outskirts of NE_city-0 .
NE_person-0 say the equipment can detect particle down to the picogram ( a millionth of a millionth of a gram ) .
the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 sample from NE_country-0 be due to arrive to the laboratory this week .
NE_organization-0 and other NE_organization-1 inspector have be take soil , water and air sample since -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 at NE_country-0 site suspect of be use for programs to make weapon of mass destruction .
NE_person-0 say sample will be send for corroboration to lab in NE_country-0 , the NE_country-1 , the NE_country-2 ( britain ) , NE_country-3 and NE_country-4 if NE_organization-0 find any trace of radiation from enriched uranium or plutonium , or any chemical and biological agent .
NE_person-0 say it be very difficult to manipulate radioactive isotope without leave a trail .
a trail will be leave even if it 's only ultra @-@ trace .
the NE_organization-0 be the NE_organization-1 agency charge with monitor nuclear activity .
the NE_organization-0 ( unmovic ) test for chemical , biological and ballistic missile programs .
NE_organization-0 be based in NE_city-0 .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 NE_country-1 ( kp ) ; NE_country-2 ( kr )
international ; ENT_government-organization-0 ; technology ; energy ; weapon
NE_country-0 urge NE_country-1 to return nuclear reactor to NE_organization-0 .
NE_country-0 have violate -CONST--0 shut down by disable surveillance device .
ENT_date-entity-0 NE_country-0 urge NE_country-1 to return the NE_reactor-0 nuclear reactor to NE_organization-0 in order to deescalate the nuclear crisis on the NE_world-region-0 .
ENT_date-entity-0 the NE_organization-0 ( iaea ) state that NE_country-0 have disable iaea surveillance device by break seal on iaea equipment and block surveillance camera at the country 's -CONST--0 megawatt nuclear reactor .
ENT_date-entity-0 NE_organization-0 director general general NE_person-0 express regret over NE_country-0 's action .
a NE_country-0 NE_government-organization-0 official state --
the development be regrettable and will increase tension over NE_country-0 's nuclear weapon program .
NE_country-0 and the NE_country-1 should act jointly with NE_country-2 .
the NE_organization-0 state that NE_person-0 warn the ENT_government-organization-0 of NE_country-0 not to take further action that would prevent the NE_organization-1 from monitor compliance with the -CONST--0 accord with the NE_country-1 shut down the reactor .
ENT_date-entity-0 NE_country-0 state that the country 's plutonium @-@ produce nuclear program would recommence in order to produce energy due to a global embargo on oil shipment .
in -CONST--0 the reactor be freeze under an accord in exchange for ENT_date-entity-0 ton of fuel oil ENT_temporal-quantity-0 from the NE_country-0 .
the accord additionally form a consortium to build -CONST--0 light @-@ water reactor .
international expert state that the NE_reactor-0 be use to produce weapon @-@ grade plutonium .
after the -CONST--0 close approximately -CONST--1 spent fuel rod from the reactor be seal in metal casing in cool pond .
ENT_date-entity-0 the NE_country-0 reveal that NE_country-1 have admit to implement a nuclear program based on enriched uranium , a material for nuclear weapon .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 )
proliferation ; international ; politics
NE_country-0 remove NE_organization-0 seal at a laboratory suspect of be use to produce weapon @-@ grade material .
this activity further escalate tension in the NE_world-region-0 's nuclear crisis and ignore international condemnation .
a source close to the NE_organization-0 ( iaea ) say late on ENT_date-entity-0 the NE_world-region-0 have start strip the NE_organization-1 nuclear regulation group 's seal and monitor equipment from the laboratory at NE_county-0 .
the lab be suspect of have reprocessed fuel rod for weapon @-@ grade plutonium before its activity be freeze under a ENT_date-entity-0 arm control deal with the NE_country-0 sate .
the source be fully inform of NE_organization-0 activity in NE_country-0 and say the north koreans be cut the seal of the nuclear fuel reprocessing laboratory and could complete it possibly by ENT_date-entity-0 .
the move follow similar action ENT_date-entity-0 @-@ ENT_date-entity-1 at the NE_facility-0 nuclear facility during which the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 take control of -CONST--0 of spent fuel rod that could be use to make nuclear weapon .
the nuclear crisis dominate the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 meet between NE_country-0 president NE_person-0 and president @-@ NE_person-1 earlier ENT_date-entity-0 .
NE_person-0 and NE_person-1 be meet for the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 time since NE_person-2 's election last week and the meet be suppose to focus on smooth over the ENT_date-entity-0 transfer of power between the outgo and incoming leader .
the -CONST--0 @-@ minute talk instead centered on the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 's latest standoff with the international community .
president NE_person-0 's spokeswoman NE_person-1 say that NE_person-2 and NE_person-3 's discussion be pin down on international relation which focused on NE_country-0 's nuclear issue .
the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 's frustration with the NE_country-1 government be evident in a foreign ministry statement which urge the ENT_government-organization-1 to restore the seal and disable monitor camera on the rod .
the statement say that the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 take further action to unfreeze its nuclear activity despite repeat warning from the NE_country-1 ENT_government-organization-1 and the international community and be raise regional tension and amplify international concern over nuclear proliferation .
the NE_country-0 respond to that development with swift condemnation .
NE_country-0 NE_government-organization-0 spokesman NE_person-0 say the over -CONST--0 spent fuel rod be of particular concern because they can be reprocessed to recover plutonium for nuclear weapon .
NE_country-0 senator NE_person-0 say the NE_country-1 ENT_government-organization-0 be create a very dangerous situation , initially for NE_country-2 and for NE_country-3 but ultimately for the NE_country-4 .
NE_person-0 will head the NE_government-organization-0 's NE_government-organization-1 in ENT_date-entity-0 .
the NE_country-0 have be step up international pressure on the NE_country-1 ENT_government-organization-0 since ENT_date-entity-0 .
deputy NE_country-0 ambassador NE_person-0 meet NE_country-1 deputy foreign minister NE_person-1 in NE_city-0 on ENT_date-entity-0 to discuss countermeasure to be take against the NE_country-2 ENT_government-organization-0 follow the NE_country-3 and NE_country-4 foreign minister ' urgent talk over the phone .
NE_country-0 foreign minister NE_person-0 also express the widespread international alarm about the NE_country-1 ENT_government-organization-0 's regrettable latest move .
analyst have say NE_country-0 could extract some -CONST--0 kilogram ( 55 pound ) of weapon @-@ grade plutonium for at least -CONST--1 nuclear weapon from the irradiate rod .
the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 say ENT_government-organization-1 unfroze ENT_government-organization-2 nuclear facility because ENT_government-organization-3 be in a desperate energy crisis aggravate by the suspension of fuel oil shipment .
the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 say the spent plutonium have nothing to do with power generation .
the NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 come close to war over the north korean ENT_government-organization-0 's plutonium program in the early 1990 s .
the confrontation be defuse when the NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 ENT_government-organization-0 sign the ENT_date-entity-0 agree framework .
that accord have be undermine since the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 admit in ENT_date-entity-0 to run a new , secret and separate program based on enriched uranium .
the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 cut ENT_government-organization-1 fuel aid to the NE_country-1 in retaliation .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( kp )
proliferation ; international ; politics
NE_country-0 be criticize on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 for move to restart ENT_government-organization-0 long @-@ dormant nuclear program .
the NE_organization-0 atomic agency say such move be tantamount to nuclear brinkmanship .
NE_country-0 be criticize on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 for move to restart ENT_government-organization-0 long @-@ dormant nuclear program .
the NE_organization-0 atomic agency say such move be tantamount to nuclear brinkmanship .
NE_country-0 president NE_person-0 tell official that NE_country-1 's shift of unspent fuel rod into a build house a reactor capable of produce weapon @-@ grade plutonium aggravate an already @-@ tense situation .
NE_person-0 and official assemble at an urgent national security meet .
NE_person-0 say that NE_country-0 move to restart freeze nuclear facility despite the international community 's effort for a peaceful resolution of the nuclear issue .
this further aggravate the situation .
NE_country-0 prime minister NE_person-0 say the shift of the rod be proactive .
plutonium could be extract for make nuclear warhead within month .
the NE_country-0 dismiss the action as nuclear blackmail .
there be strong criticism from the NE_organization-0 ) .
begin last week NE_organization-0 see its monitor equipment disable and seal remove from the nuclear facility that have be dormant since a -CONST--0 accord with the NE_country-0 .
NE_organization-0 director NE_person-0 dismiss claim by NE_country-0 's ENT_government-organization-0 that ENT_government-organization-1 be only act in the wake of an energy crisis in NE_country-1 .
NE_person-0 say that the reprocessing facility at NE_county-0 be irrelevant to NE_country-0 's ability to produce electricity .
NE_country-0 have no current legitimate peaceful use for plutonium give the status of ENT_government-organization-0 nuclear fuel cycle .
NE_person-0 say restarting NE_country-0 's nuclear facility without appropriate safeguard and towards produce plutonium raise serious non @-@ proliferation concern be tantamount to nuclear brinkmanship .
the move of -CONST--0 unspent rod into the reactor build be the latest action take by the energy @-@ starve NE_world-region-0 since the apparent collapse of a -CONST--1 accord that froze its nuclear capacity .
the move be confirm by both the NE_organization-0 agency and the NE_country-0 foreign ministry .
the facility have the capacity for -CONST--0 rod .
all have be store in a cool pond at NE_county-0 since the NE_country-0 offer NE_country-1 ENT_temporal-quantity-0 supply of heavy fuel oil and -CONST--0 new light water nuclear reactor in return for NE_city-0 's agreement to freeze its nuclear operation at NE_county-1 .
the -CONST--0 @-@ year @-@ old deal have fall apart follow NE_country-0 revelation in -CONST--1 -CONST--2 that NE_country-1 have admit to run a separate nuclear program based on enriched uranium technology in violation of the accord .
NE_country-0 be bankrupt and on the brink of economic collapse .
it have be push for negotiation with the NE_country-0 .
expert say NE_country-0 need aid and security guarantee from the NE_country-1 to ensure its survival .
throughout the nuclear dispute NE_country-0 have say it be ready to sit down and talk with the NE_country-1 and even to refreeze its NE_county-0 program .
president NE_person-0 have be push the NE_country-0 to accept the offer under NE_person-1 sunshine policy of engagement with the NE_country-1 .
president NE_person-0 have criticize the NE_country-0 for previously sidelining NE_country-1 in handle NE_country-2 and say NE_country-3 should take a lead role .
NE_person-0 be critical of the NE_country-0 handle of the stand @-@ off when -CONST--0 year ago the NE_country-1 and NE_country-2 draw back from the brink of war over NE_city-0 's plutonium program .
the president have complain that NE_country-0 be sidelined during the entire dispute and end up pay a multi @-@ -CONST--0 dollar bill for the light @-@ water reactor .
NE_person-0 's chief security adviser NE_person-1 say the president instruct that NE_country-0 should take lead because the north korean nuclear issue be important to the NE_world-region-0 .
this be say in a statement after -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 's meet .
the NE_country-0 say NE_country-1 would stand up to nuclear blackmail and have rule out negotiation .
the NE_country-0 pledge not to reward bad behavior .
expert have join the NE_organization-0 in dismiss the idea that NE_country-0 be relaunching the reactor for energy purpose .
director general for international institution at the ministry in NE_city-0 NE_person-0 say it would produce at its peak enough for -CONST--0 large office build which be a negligible amount .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 )
international ; ENT_government-organization-0 ; technology ; energy ; weapon
expert warn that NE_country-0 could produce weapon @-@ grade plutonium from spent fuel rod at re @-@ open nuclear reactor .
exist rod could produce -CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 atomic bomb in -CONST--2 @-@ -CONST--3 month .
expert state that -CONST--0 spent fuel rod reportedly stockpile by NE_country-0 at a nuclear reactor the country be threaten to re @-@ start could be use to produce plutonium for nuclear weapon .
expert state that the rod could produce -CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 atomic bomb in -CONST--2 @-@ -CONST--3 month .
the NE_organization-0 state that NE_country-0 additionally move -CONST--0 fresh rod into the nuclear reactor as well .
the reactor could produce enough spent rod to construct -CONST--0 atomic bomb per year if reactivate .
the experimental nuclear plant in NE_county-0 be a miniature of electricity @-@ produce nuclear plant in NE_world-region-0 country but operate on the same principle .
the NE_facility-0 plant produce -CONST--0 megawatts .
plant in NE_country-0 produce -CONST--0 megawatts .
the NE_facility-0 plant be -CONST--0 km NE_country-0 capital NE_city-0 .
nuclear reactor process --
-CONST--0 meter fuel rod contain uranium oxide be burn to initiate fission -- the nucleus of the uranium atom be split , release neutron that collide with other atom , create more neutron in a chain reaction .
fission produce immense heat which be apply to water to create steam which drive turbine to generate electricity .
plutonium and other radioactive byproducts of the process accumulate and decrease the effectiveness of the rod until they be spend after -CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 year .
spent rod consisting of highly radioactive plutonium and residual uranium be cool in pool of water for several year to diminish radioactivity and then the plutonium be then recover in nitrate form and convert into oxide .
the recover plutonium can be mix with uranium for reuse in the reactor or use in make nuclear weapon .
nuclear expert state that to make weapon , a high proportion of plutonium -CONST--0 ( military grade plutonium , as oppose to the commercial plutonium use in power plant ) must be extract .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( gb )
proliferation ; international ; politics
NE_country-0 official be deeply concern by a warn from the NE_organization-0 ( iaea ) concern NE_country-1 's open of the NE_facility-0 and possible nuclear intention .
a NE_country-0 NE_government-organization-0 spokeswoman say thursday that the NE_country-1 ENT_government-organization-0 be deeply concern about the latest revelation in a warn by the NE_organization-0 ( iaea ) concern NE_country-2 's possible nuclear intention .
the comment come after the NE_organization-0 accuse the NE_country-0 government of nuclear brinkmanship and say the ENT_government-organization-0 have begin work to reactivate the NE_reactor-0 in breach of a ENT_date-entity-0 agreement with the NE_country-1 ENT_government-organization-1 .
the NE_country-0 NE_government-organization-0 spokeswoman say the NE_country-1 ENT_government-organization-0 be in regular contact with international partner about the implication of the latest development and be commit to combat the proliferation of weapon of mass destruction wherever it may occur .
the spokeswoman add that the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 must comply with international obligation and eliminate nuclear weapon .
the NE_organization-0 have say the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 have no current legitimate peaceful use for plutonium that could be produce at the newly reopen NE_facility-0 site that be capable of produce weapon @-@ grade plutonium .
the NE_organization-0 say the NE_country-0 have move -CONST--0 fresh fuel rod into the NE_building-0 reactor build .
of more concern be the -CONST--0 spent fuel rod at the facility they start unsealing ENT_date-entity-0 @-@ ENT_date-entity-1 and the dismantle of NE_organization-0 monitor equipment at the site .
expert say the spent rod could be use to build -CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 atomic bomb within -CONST--2 @-@ -CONST--3 month .
the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 offer supply of fuel oil and -CONST--0 new light water nuclear reactor in return for the NE_country-1 ENT_government-organization-1 's agreement to freeze nuclear operation under the ENT_date-entity-0 agree framework shut down NE_facility-0 .
the agreement fall apart follow NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 revelation in ENT_date-entity-0 that the NE_country-1 ENT_government-organization-1 have admit to a separate nuclear program based on enriched uranium technology .
the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 suspend oil shipment to NE_country-1 as punishment .
the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 in turn claim to be in desperate need of power generation after the oil supply be cut and begin during ENT_date-entity-0 @-@ ENT_date-entity-1 to unseal the spent fuel rod at the facility and to dismantle monitor equipment .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( NE_country-1 NE_country-2 ( kp )
international ; ENT_government-organization-0 ; energy ; weapon ; leader ; politics ; war and conflict
NE_country-0 threaten to cease support follow NE_country-1 nuclear re @-@ activation .
president @-@ NE_person-0 seek peaceful solution .
ENT_date-entity-0 NE_country-0 president @-@ NE_person-0 state --
NE_country-0 will cease support if NE_country-1 continue to ignore global concern over the country 's nuclear weapon program .
NE_country-0 should not act further to aggravate the situation .
inter @-@ korean exchange will suffer if tension among NE_country-0 escalate due to the action of NE_country-1 .
NE_country-0 must take initiative in cope with the crisis because the issue directly concern the NE_country-1 people 's survival .
NE_person-0 campaign on a pro @-@ engagement platform and have endorse president NE_person-1 's softline sunshine policy of engagement with NE_country-0 .
an aide state that NE_person-0 's incoming ENT_government-organization-0 have establish channel of communication with the north to defuse the crisis and discover NE_country-0 's intention .
the NE_country-0 support the initiative .
NE_person-0 take office in ENT_date-entity-0 .
NE_country-0 be re @-@ activate nuclear operation at NE_county-0 after violate a -CONST--0 arm control deal with the NE_country-1 .
the NE_organization-0 state that NE_country-0 have cut seal and impede surveillance equipment at -CONST--0 facility at NE_county-0 .
NE_county-0 be -CONST--0 km north of NE_city-0 .
the NE_country-0 urge NE_country-1 to meet obligation under international arm control accord .
NE_country-0 NE_government-organization-0 spokeswoman NE_person-0 state that attempt to restarts facility would compound NE_country-1 's violation of these international commitment .
ENT_date-entity-0 president NE_person-0 be to send an envoy to NE_city-0 do discuss defuse the crisis with NE_person-1 .
NE_person-0 will subsequently send an envoy to NE_city-0 .
NE_person-0 have advocate a peaceful resolution to the crisis through dialogue and have criticize the NE_country-0 hardline policy as potentially dangerous .
ENT_date-entity-0 incoming chairman of the NE_government-organization-0 NE_political-party-0 senator NE_person-0 state on NE_channel-0 television that a NE_country-0 attack would be inadvisable because NE_country-1 would likely retaliate with a potentially devastate attack on the NE_city-0 area .
NE_person-0 's aide acknowledge NE_person-1 's statement .
australian foreign minister NE_person-0 state that NE_country-0 will suspend plan to open an embassy in NE_city-0 to avoid appear to condone NE_country-1 's nuclear action .
ENT_date-entity-0 NE_organization-0 director general NE_person-0 state --
NE_country-0 have move -CONST--0 fresh fuel rod into the reactor build at NE_facility-0 -- which be capable of produce military plutonium -- as a prelude to reactivation .
NE_country-0 have no use for plutonium in its civilian program and thus may be plan military activity .
the NE_organization-0 's board of governor will shortly issue a report on the recent development .
the board be originally schedule to meet ENT_date-entity-0 .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( cn )
space ; science ; technology
NE_country-0 launch unman space craft NE_spaceship-0 into a preset orbit with the eventual goal of send astronaut into space .
-CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 at 00 @:@ -CONST--3 am -- NE_country-0 launch space craft NE_spaceship-0 into a preset orbit .
NE_spaceship-0 be launch by a NE_rocket-0 from NE_facility-0 in northwestern NE_province-0 .
NE_country-0 scientist announce NE_spaceship-0 would conduct experiment on the astronaut flight system and control of NE_spaceship-1 's environment and life support system .
a NE_country-0 NE_government-organization-0 official announce NE_spaceship-0 would return to NE_province-0 within -CONST--0 day .
accord to the NE_publication-0 the lead designer of the astronaut system for NE_country-0 's man space program commander NE_person-0 state --
NE_country-0 will soon send astronaut to space .
NE_spaceship-0 be equip to carry astronaut .
NE_country-0 astronaut must -CONST--0 receive train in basic theory , professional skill and flight procedure and task .
in -CONST--0 -CONST--1 the NE_government-organization-0 announce --
NE_country-0 could send astronaut into space in -CONST--0 .
NE_country-0 plan to build a reusable space vehicle similar to the NE_country-1 space shuttle .
-CONST--0 NE_country-0 astronaut have undergo train on NE_spaceship-0 space craft .
the NE_country-0 astronaut be select from -CONST--0 of NE_military-0 pilot .
in -CONST--0 NE_country-0 sign a -CONST--1 @-@ year space cooperation agreement with NE_country-1 .
the agreement stipulate that NE_country-0 provide NE_country-1 with manned space craft technology and train chinese astronaut in russian facility .
in -CONST--0 -CONST--1 official chinese media announce that NE_country-0 plan to establish a base on the moon to exploit the moon 's mineral resource .
space expert at the NE_government-organization-0 in NE_city-0 NE_person-0 state --
NE_country-0 should not view NE_country-1 's space man program as a security threat .
NE_country-0 be a member of the ballistic missile club .
NE_country-0 's space program be less of a world threat than NE_country-1 's or NE_country-2 's .
some NE_country-0 researcher believe NE_country-1 be develop weaponization of its space technology .
NE_country-0 may be develop weaponization of its space technology but be not currently able to implement it .
NE_country-0 plan to put human in space for prestige .
in -CONST--0 -CONST--1 NE_company-0 president NE_person-0 state --
NE_spaceship-0 's carrier rocket be equip with a fault @-@ detect and handle system .
NE_spaceship-0 be back by a ground @-@ based search and rescue system and reinforce by other more reliable safety measure than NE_spaceship-1 's .
designer of NE_country-0 's spacecraft system NE_person-0 announce --
the function , indices and data relevant to man flight test well on -CONST--0 previous successful launch and landing of NE_spaceship-0 between -CONST--1 and -CONST--2 -CONST--3 .
NE_country-0 establish a space program in -CONST--0 .
NE_spaceship-0 launch in -CONST--0 -CONST--1 and return to NE_planet-0 within -CONST--2 day .
-CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 -- NE_spaceship-0 launch .
NE_world-region-0 analyst suspect re @-@ entry fail .
-CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 -- NE_spaceship-0 launch .
the re @-@ entry vehicle successfully return to NE_province-0 -CONST--0 week later .
only the NE_country-0 and former NE_country-1 have send human into space .
NE_spaceship-0 be also referred to as NE_spaceship-1 .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( ru ) ; NE_country-1 ( fr ) ; NE_province-0 ( gf )
international ; weapon ; space
NE_organization-0 be finalize deal with NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 to allow for NE_rocket-0 to be launch from NE_continent-0 's space command at NE_city-0 , in NE_province-0 replace phase @-@ out NE_rocket-1 launchers .
plan for NE_rocket-0 launch have be delay by fund issue since costly modification to launch facility must be make to accommodate the NE_country-0 rocket .
the NE_organization-0 ( esa ) state -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 that it be finalize a deal with the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 that could allow NE_rocket-0 to be launch from europe 's space command at NE_city-0 , NE_province-0 .
the deal between the NE_government-organization-0 and the NE_country-0 government could be write as early as -CONST--0 -CONST--1 and sign by the ENT_government-organization-0 in -CONST--2 -CONST--3 .
the deal would allow for NE_missile-0 to help replace phase @-@ out NE_missile-1 launchers .
NE_rocket-0 launchers send payload up to -CONST--0 ton into geostationary orbit .
spacecraft launch from NE_city-0 benefit from the NE_planet-0 's full rotational speed on the equator to aid -CONST--0 trajectory into space .
with this extra momentum , the spacecraft require less fuel .
plan for the NE_rocket-0 launch have be delay by fund issue since modification to be make to launch facility in order to accommodate the NE_country-0 rocket be predict to cost between -CONST--0 and -CONST--1 euro .
the NE_country-0 space program have experience fund problem and be unwilling to contribute -CONST--0 of the bill as NE_government-organization-0 have request .
in -CONST--0 -CONST--1 the ENT_government-organization-0 of NE_country-0 propose to fund the NE_country-1 ENT_government-organization-1 's share with a loan to be pay back by profit from the launch .
the NE_government-organization-0 state that no financial division have be decide yet .
NE_country-0 join NE_country-1 in create a joint NE_company-0 in -CONST--0 to commercialize and market the soyuz launch from NE_country-2 's NE_facility-0 in NE_country-3 .
NE_missile-0 use to send satellite and cosmonaut into space be the most used type of spacecraft .
NE_missile-0 have over -CONST--0 launch since ENT_ordinal-entity-0 launch the NE_satellite-0 into orbit in -CONST--1 .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( jp ) ; NE_country-1 ( ru )
proliferation ; international ; politics
prime minister NE_person-0 meet with president NE_person-1 to demand that NE_country-0 reverse NE_treaty-0 withdrawal .
NE_person-0 pledge continue support for NE_country-0 disarmament .
ENT_date-entity-0 NE_country-0 prime minister NE_person-0 state to a gather of scientist at NE_organization-0 in NE_city-0 --
NE_country-0 demand that NE_country-1 annul the ENT_date-entity-0 decision to withdraw from the NE_treaty-0 ) .
NE_country-0 will collaborate with the NE_organization-0 and country include NE_country-1 to ensure NE_country-2 's reversal .
NE_person-0 condemn and be concern by NE_country-0 's decision .
ENT_date-entity-0 NE_person-0 hold -CONST--0 day @-@ long summit with NE_country-0 president NE_person-1 .
NE_person-0 state that NE_person-1 and NE_person-2 hold identical view on the NE_country-0 crisis .
late ENT_date-entity-0 a NE_country-0 spokesman state to NE_publication-0 news that NE_person-0 encourage NE_person-1 to employ the NE_country-1 ENT_government-organization-0 's influence on NE_country-2 leadership in pursue a reversal .
NE_person-0 consent to NE_person-1 's request and state that dialogue with NE_country-0 NE_person-2 be possible .
NE_person-0 state that NE_country-0 , NE_country-1 , and the international community would benefit from improve bilateral relation if NE_country-2 and NE_country-3 could overcome previous dispute .
in -CONST--0 the NE_country-0 seize -CONST--1 NE_territory-0 still claim by NE_country-1 .
NE_person-0 state --
NE_country-0 will continue to assist NE_country-1 in dismantle weapon of mass destruction include decommissioned nuclear submarine for which NE_country-2 will allocate over -CONST--0 dollar .
the weapon should be neutralize immediately in the interest of global security .
NE_country-0 will contribute -CONST--0 dollar to the process of weapon @-@ grade plutonium to prevent appropriation by terrorist .
NE_country-0 have contribute -CONST--0 dollar to scientific project and will continue to cooperate with NE_country-1 .
NE_country-0 have previously refuse to pressure NE_country-1 over defense policy .
analyst believe that NE_country-0 have limit authority to do so .
NE_person-0 visit the grave of NE_country-0 NE_war-0 prisoner in a cemetery at the NE_monastery-0 in NE_city-0 .
NE_person-0 will visit the NE_world-region-0 NE_city-0 late ENT_date-entity-0 and return to NE_city-1 ENT_date-entity-1 .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( in )
international ; crime ; technology
an NE_country-0 information technology expert disprove the phobia of cyber attack and say the threat be overstate .
an NE_country-0 information technology expert disprove the phobia of cyber attack and say the threat be overstate .
director of the NE_organization-0 NE_person-0 say the cyber attack be similar to the NE_myth-0 ; although these thing could happen , they will not happen .
NE_malfunction-0 be a computer malfunction expect to occur when -CONST--0 change to -CONST--1 but it do not inflict widespread damage .
NE_person-0 address delegate at a conference on information security .
NE_person-0 state that these thing happen with all technology if history be review and that imaginative people can cause extraordinary problem even with primitive technology .
NE_person-0 say the NE_organization-0 nation have lose -CONST--0 dollar due to cyber crime .
the NE_organization-0 nation be comprise of NE_country-0 , NE_country-1 , NE_country-2 , NE_country-3 , NE_country-4 , NE_country-5 , NE_country-6 and the NE_country-7 .
NE_person-0 say most people have an alarmist view of such attack .
the attack range from virus , flame @-@ mail ( abusive e @-@ mail ) , stone throw ( disfigure a home page ) to cyber squatter and script for break into internet site .
NE_person-0 state that many sensitive installation such as nuclear and power plant , and missile have an internet protocol address and that once someone hack into the site one can trip the power line or lead plane and missile to their choice destination .
NE_person-0 add that this type of hack be possible , but there be no need to panic .
NE_person-0 say it need to be recognize and while we should be sensitive about such threat it should not be sensationalized rather a pragmatic approach should be take .
the NE_government-organization-0 say in -CONST--0 -CONST--1 that a computer hacker have infiltrate its e @-@ mail system .
the hacker sent a potentially damage virus to more than -CONST--0 people who receive travel warning electronically .
a -CONST--0 @-@ line code of the NE_virus-0 affect more than -CONST--1 file ENT_temporal-quantity-0 .
hackers have send love letter e @-@ mail to all chosen head of state from -CONST--0 .
NE_government-organization-0 site have denial of service for more than -CONST--0 hour .
NE_country-0 's premier nuclear research NE_center-0 site be disfigure .
NE_person-0 state that a section of technologist think cyber soldier , cyber policemen and cyber insurance be need .
NE_person-0 say the threat be overstate and that it be like any other threat , like a foreigner drive on NE_city-0 road .
the threat need to be accept and then education be the next step .
NE_person-0 say it need to be start today .
it cannot be postpone .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( pk )
international ; ENT_government-organization-0 ; energy ; weapon ; technology ; proliferation ; military
NE_country-0 authority announce upgrade of security of nuclear facility and employee after press report allege leak of its its nuclear technology .
NE_country-0 on ENT_date-entity-0 announce upgrade to the security of nuclear facility and employee after a series of press report allege leak of nuclear technology to NE_country-1 and possibly NE_country-2 and NE_country-3 .
the NE_newspaper-0 , NE_newspaper-1 and NE_country-0 media have carry several report quote unnamed NE_country-1 official say that NE_country-2 scientist or military officer have sell the NE_country-3 ENT_government-organization-0 uranium @-@ enrichment technology for the nuclear program .
NE_country-0 's ENT_government-organization-0 have angrily reject the report as malicious and insist that nuclear technology have never be sell or leak .
the military statement say NE_country-0 's have a long @-@ stand capability for achieve the highest level of safety and security which be adequate and fail @-@ safe .
the pakistani ENT_government-organization-0 's announcement come after president NE_person-0 chair a meet of the NE_organization-0 of the NE_organization-1 ( nca ) to review security of NE_country-0 's nuclear program .
an official military statement say the physical protection and custodial control at NE_country-0 's nuclear site and facility have be recently upgrade .
the statement say the NE_organization-0 give approval for further tighten of different defensive layer and enhance physical security as well as ensure the effectiveness of watertight safety of material , equipment and technology .
the NE_organization-0 also adopt step to improve personal reliability programs for people work in nuclear @-@ relate programs .
scientist , engineer and military officer work in nuclear programs be routinely screen every -CONST--0 year accord to a survey of NE_country-0 's nuclear security by NE_country-1 's arm control NE_institution-0 .
-CONST--0 NE_country-0 nuclear scientist be arrest -CONST--1 month ago and interrogate by NE_government-organization-0 agent on suspicion of possible cooperation with the NE_criminal-organization-0 .
these arrest underline fear that nuclear technology could fall into the hand of NE_religious-group-0 extremist .
NE_country-0 's ENT_government-organization-0 have be develop a nuclear program to match arch @-@ rival NE_country-1 's since the -CONST--0 s and only go public with the program in ENT_date-entity-0 when test -CONST--1 nuclear device .
NE_magazine-0 estimate that NE_country-0 's ENT_government-organization-0 possess -CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 nuclear warhead and have a uranium enrichment plant and plutonium reprocessing plant close to the capital NE_city-0 and at least -CONST--2 nuclear reactor across the country .
NE_country-0 's NE_organization-0 also decide on ENT_date-entity-0 not to respond to NE_country-1 's -CONST--0 missile test this month and state that NE_country-2 's ENT_government-organization-0 have no desire to increase tension in the region .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( in ): NE_country-1 ( pk )
dissent ; war and conflict
NE_religious-group-0 activist condemn the arrest of NE_world-region-0 separatist leader in the NE_country-0 zone of the dispute himalayan NE_world-region-1 .
on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 many NE_religious-group-0 activist rally against the arrest of NE_world-region-0 separatist leader in the NE_country-0 zone of the dispute himalayan NE_world-region-1 .
the fundamentalist NE_political-party-0 of NE_country-0 @-@ administer NE_world-region-0 organize the rally .
the rally be hold on the call of the NE_organization-0 ( aphc ) .
the NE_organization-0 be an umbrella group of anti @-@ NE_country-0 outfit .
witness to the protest state --
protestors carry banner and placard .
protestors chant that NE_country-0 should release NE_person-0 and other kashmiri leader and that indian aggressor should leave NE_world-region-0 .
-CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 NE_country-0 police arrest NE_person-0 .
NE_person-0 be charge with aid and abet terrorist activity and fund terrorist organization in the NE_world-region-0 state .
NE_person-0 be an executive member of NE_organization-0 .
NE_person-0 be hold in the NE_city-0 jail in NE_country-0 's eastern NE_state-0 .
NE_organization-0 organize protest after report that NE_person-0 's health be deteriorate .
NE_person-0 be elderly .
NE_world-region-0 be divide between NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 .
NE_world-region-0 be claim by both NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 .
the dispute over NE_world-region-0 cause -CONST--0 of the -CONST--1 war between NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 since NE_country-2 and NE_country-3 's independence from NE_country-4 in -CONST--2 .
an NE_country-0 insurgency have result in the death of more than -CONST--0 people in -CONST--1 year .
local NE_organization-0 NE_person-0 tell protestors --
NE_country-0 have be detain NE_world-region-0 to suppress NE_country-1 's freedom movement .
the freedom movement will never be suppress .
NE_country-0 's arm force should advance in NE_world-region-0 to liberate its territory under NE_country-1 occupation .
NE_organization-0 's youth wing stage a separate demonstration in NE_world-region-0 .
NE_organization-0 's youth wing 's demonstration be against a NE_country-0 attack on NE_country-1 .
a banner carry by protestors state that a NE_country-0 attack on NE_country-1 would be terrorism against NE_religious-group-0 .
protester burn an effigy of NE_country-0 president NE_person-0 before disperse .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( kr ) ; NE_country-1 ( us )
international ; terrorism ; technology ; telecom
ENT_date-entity-0 the international community survey the damaged cause by the NE_worm-0 internet attack .
some network remain inoperable .
ENT_date-entity-0 the NE_worm-0 rapidly affect -CONST--0 of online computer user , especially in NE_continent-0 .
vice president of NE_company-0 and leader of NE_company-1 ' antivirus response team NE_person-0 state that by late ENT_date-entity-0 the worm affect nearly -CONST--0 computer worldwide .
the attack targeted the popular NE_company-0 database NE_software-0 .
traffic control site worldwide register decelerate email and other transmission at at 0530 -CONST--0 on ENT_date-entity-0 but the private internet @-@ monitor and network protection advise NE_group-0 and the NE_government-organization-0 state that activity normalize by 1500 -CONST--1 .
in NE_country-0 the worm cause the country 's worst telecommunications breakdown through the crash of high @-@ speed network .
online shop and bank transaction be paralyzed .
shortly before 12 am ENT_date-entity-0 online service resume in NE_country-0 .
traffic remain slow for NE_country-0 internet user ENT_date-entity-0 .
the worm struck the NE_country-0 at 0530 -CONST--0 ENT_date-entity-0 .
most of NE_company-0 's -CONST--0 atms be inoperable .
some trans @-@ atlantic internet and phone service be disrupt .
NE_country-0 company be able to repair system without disrupt business because the attack occur on a weekend .
other country --
computer expert in NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 state that client have report major networking problem .
damage in NE_country-0 be limit to some school and company but expert warn of a possible expansion with the start of the work week on ENT_date-entity-0 .
ENT_date-entity-0 NE_country-0 information and communication minister NE_person-0 hold emergency talk with state and private network expert and apologize for the internet breakdown .
NE_person-0 state --
a ENT_ordinal-entity-0 attack by the NE_worm-0 or more malignant variant could more severely disrupt network on ENT_date-entity-0 .
both the public and firm be require to follow the NE_government-organization-0 's guidelines .
computer expert warn that NE_worm-0 could be a pilot for a larger future attack .
director of research NE_person-0 of the high @-@ tech security NE_organization-0 in NE_city-0 , NE_state-0 state that in the near or distant future a similar attack will occur .
security expert state that hackers could have implement the NE_worm-0 attack on the weekend in order to gauge damage in advance of launch a more devastate attack .
similar attack --
in -CONST--0 the NE_virus-0 affect -CONST--1 computer .
the NE_worm-0 be the largest internet attack since the NE_virus-0 on ENT_date-entity-0 .
NE_worm-0 be a computer worm .
unlike virus , worm do not require a user to initiate a command such as open an email attachment to infect the computer .
worm carry a self @-@ regenerate mechanism that enable them to multiply rapidly across the web and trigger the flow of copious transmission into computer system .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( jp )
proliferation ; energy ; international
plutonium enough to produce -CONST--0 nuclear bomb which have go unaccounted for at a NE_country-0 nuclear facility be mostly due to measure shortcoming and miscalculation .
a nuclear fuel reprocessing plant about -CONST--0 kilometers ( 60 mile ) north of NE_city-0 in NE_city-1 have extract -CONST--1 kilogram ( 15158 pound or 7.6 short ton ) of plutonium from spent nuclear fuel since it begin operate in ENT_date-entity-0 .
a NE_country-0 NE_government-organization-0 official say on ENT_date-entity-0 that the total currently account for at the facility be -CONST--0 kg short of the plutonium initially estimate to have be produce by reprocessing spent nuclear fuel from power plant .
it be know to take -CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 kg of plutonium to produce a nuclear bomb .
the official at the ministry 's nuclear safeguard office say that the case have be report to the NE_organization-0 ( iaea ) of the NE_organization-1 .
the find be also report to the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 's NE_government-organization-0 on ENT_date-entity-0 .
the education and scienc ministry deny the possibility that any plutonium have be illegally remove from the facility .
the official say -CONST--0 kg of the miss plutonium be presume to have dissolve into waste water without be measure .
the official add that another -CONST--0 kg disintegrate into another type of element .
the official say that plutonium may have be stuck to fuel tube or mix with waste water be process to be solidify in glass and dispose of .
the official also point to possible error in the estimate of plutonium extract in the process .
the official say that there be a need for improvement in measure and evaluate method of plutonium .
the report be based on inspection at the NE_facility-0 done under NE_organization-0 safeguard rule design to prevent the transfer of nuclear material for production of nuclear weapon .
NE_complex-0 and make headline in ENT_date-entity-0 when the world 's worst nuclear plant accident since NE_incident-0 in ENT_date-entity-1 occur at a uranium reprocessing plant there .
-CONST--0 worker set off a critical reaction in ENT_date-entity-0 when they pour too much uranium into a precipitation tank .
-CONST--0 of the -CONST--1 worker later die .
safety concern at nuclear facility in NE_country-0 be further highlight on ENT_date-entity-0 when a NE_organization-0 uphold the suspension of operation of a troubled experimental fast @-@ breeder reactor which have be shut since an accident in ENT_date-entity-1 .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( it )
international ; technology ; telecom ; ENT_government-organization-0
on ENT_date-entity-0 NE_country-0 's internet network be hit by most serious internet attack to date that severely disrupt NE_country-1 's post office .
official state that on ENT_date-entity-0 NE_country-0 's internet network be hit by most serious internet attack to date that severely disrupt NE_country-1 's post office .
the attack on NE_country-0 's internet network occur as similiar attack around the globe appear to be subside .
a computer security expert name NE_person-0 state that the ENT_date-entity-0 attack on NE_country-0 's internet network be the result of a digital worm name NE_worm-0 and that the attack be the worst internet attack ever to hit NE_country-1 .
NE_person-0 state that the digital worm name NE_worm-0 be particularly virulent and replicate itself at the rate of -CONST--0 ENT_temporal-quantity-0 -CONST--1 hour .
NE_person-0 head an internet security firm name securitynet .
NE_person-0 state that the digital worm name NE_worm-0 have a very high capacity to replicate itself and the digital worm name NE_worm-1 be slow down the NE_company-0 computer network and make some computer inoperable .
the NE_product-0 be consider a computer worm .
a computer worm be unlike a computer virus and do not require a user to open an e @-@ mail attachment or initiate any other type of command to infect the computer .
NE_person-0 state that online work at NE_country-0 's -CONST--0 post office be severely disrupt by the internet attack .
NE_person-0 state that the internet attack overload computer with -CONST--0 of message .
NE_person-0 be the official responsible for NE_company-0 's computer system .
begin at 0100 greenwich mean time NE_company-0 's computer be overwhelm with the message entitle NE_thing-0 .
NE_person-0 state that it take a team of -CONST--0 technician hour to free the computer system of -CONST--1 of the -CONST--2 NE_company-0 's office .
NE_country-0 consumer be unable to use NE_company-0 's cash machine or pay utility bill online .
NE_person-0 state that the problem with NE_company-0 's computer system would be resolve in the remain -CONST--0 post office and normal service would resume on ENT_date-entity-0 .
in ENT_date-entity-0 NE_country-0 be attack by a strike similar to the ENT_date-entity-1 attack on -CONST--0 's internet network and at least -CONST--1 other internet attack in ENT_date-entity-2 .
a fast spread internet attack by the NE_worm-0 or NE_worm-1 slammer worm over the weekend effect an estimate -CONST--0 computer worldwide .
many of the -CONST--0 computer be locate in the NE_country-0 and NE_continent-0 .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( in ) ; NE_country-1 ( sg )
international ; terrorism
NE_country-0 deputy pm identify NE_world-region-0 as a new center for jihadi terrorism and urge closer international counter @-@ terrorism cooperation follow bomb in NE_island-0 .
ENT_date-entity-0 NE_country-0 deputy prime minister NE_person-0 state at a public lecture in NE_country-1 address academic , diplomat and business executive that NE_world-region-0 be become an operational center of terrorism and ENT_government-organization-0 must cooperate more closely to combat terrorism .
ENT_date-entity-0 terrorist execute a bomb attack on the NE_country-0 resort NE_island-0 .
NE_country-0 authority state that the NE_religious-group-0 militant NE_group-0 be responsible .
the attack be consider part of a global incitement to NE_war-0 by NE_criminal-organization-0 and NE_criminal-organization-1 ally .
NE_person-0 state --
the NE_island-0 attack establish NE_world-region-0 as a potential new theater for the spread of jihadi extremism .
NE_country-0 previously know that the operational center of jihadi terrorism be locate near NE_country-1 due to the NE_country-2 @-@ lead bomb campaign against extremist base in NE_country-3 .
NE_person-0 state --
the menace of religious extremism have inspire international terrorism .
terrorism should not be identify with any religion but jihadi terrorism have spread more global violence than any other extremist doctrine .
NE_person-0 state --
country must continue in pursue enhance cooperation include intelligence share and border control to combat the problem perpetrate by global terrorism and its concomitant -- drug traffic , illegal arm trade and cross @-@ border crime .
while the international consensus be that terrorism cannot be tolerate , the instrument the international community propose to deal with terrorism do not meet the requirement of the problem .
NE_person-0 state at a forum organize by the NE_organization-0 --
country must formulate and implement an integrated and cooperative approach to security by design new security system to protect transport , communication and energy infrastructure from terrorist attack as well as obstruct terrorist ' fund .
unilateral military action such as the standoff between the NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 on disarm iraqi president NE_person-0 threaten peace and could lead to unforeseen negative consequence .
the issue of weapon of mass destruction should be deal with in the NE_organization-0 .
rise tension in the NE_world-region-0 will affect oil price .
the the region should provide greater energy security through develop alternative energy technology .
NE_person-0 visit NE_country-0 ENT_date-entity-0 @-@ ENT_date-entity-1 .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( mm )
dissent ; military ; ENT_government-organization-0
NE_country-0 's military arrest -CONST--0 activist from pro @-@ democracy party for anti @-@ ENT_government-organization-0 activity undertake with fund from dissident expatriate .
on 30210 NE_country-0 's military state that the military have arrest -CONST--0 activist from pro @-@ democracy party for anti @-@ ENT_government-organization-0 activity undertake with fund from dissident expatriate .
at a specially call media brief a NE_country-0 military spokesman state that he -CONST--0 arrest activist be mostly member of the opposition party name NE_political-party-0 .
NE_political-party-0 be head by NE_award-0 laureate NE_person-0 .
NE_person-0 be release ENT_date-entity-0 from -CONST--0 month of house arrest .
human right activist claim NE_country-0 still have -CONST--0 to -CONST--1 political prisoner despite a series of political prisoner release in ENT_date-entity-0 .
at the specially call media brief a military intelligence official brigadier general NE_person-0 that it have be discover that some member of the legally stand political party inside NE_country-0 have be engage in anti @-@ ENT_government-organization-0 activity with financial support from dissident expatriate .
NE_person-0 state that some of the -CONST--0 arrest activist have produce anti @-@ ENT_government-organization-0 material .
the people allege to have produce anti @-@ ENT_government-organization-0 material include a NE_political-party-0 vice chairman from NE_township-0 name NE_person-0 and NE_political-party-1 NE_political-party-2 's secretary NE_person-1 .
the pamphlet contain anti @-@ ENT_government-organization-0 material have be find with another NE_political-party-0 member name NE_person-0 .
maung NE_person-0 have return to NE_country-0 from exile in NE_country-1 .
maung NE_person-0 's arrest in NE_country-0 have lead to the arrest of the other -CONST--0 activist .
NE_person-0 state NE_person-1 be arrest on ENT_date-entity-0 together with around -CONST--0 anti @-@ ENT_government-organization-0 pamphlet that NE_person-2 admit -CONST--1 have personally authored .
NE_person-0 state NE_person-1 have also admit to authoring an anti @-@ ENT_government-organization-0 pamphlet targeting monk and student and that -CONST--0 copy of these pantalets have be produce for public distribution .
NE_person-0 state the pro @-@ democracy activist be obviously try to get the sympathy of monk as well as the general public for the pro @-@ democracy cause .
NE_person-0 state that NE_country-0 's military will take legal action against some of the -CONST--0 arrest activist and release those myanmar 's military deem to be innocent after the investigation be complete .
NE_person-0 state that everything involve the prosecution of the -CONST--0 arrest activist will be legal and transparent .
NE_person-0 state that international human right group such as NE_organization-0 do not need to be concern about illegal prosecution of the -CONST--0 arrest activist .
NE_organization-0 return last week from NE_organization-1 's ENT_ordinal-entity-0 fact @-@ find mission to NE_country-0 .
NE_country-0 be widely criticised for NE_country-1 's poor human right record .
in a ENT_date-entity-0 brief in NE_city-0 regard NE_organization-0 's ENT_ordinal-entity-0 visit to NE_country-0 , NE_organization-1 call for the release of all political prisoner and pressure ENT_government-organization-0 to improve NE_country-1 's human right record .
NE_organization-0 state that NE_country-0 's authority have in no way hinder NE_organization-1 's fact @-@ find mission .
NE_person-0 state that despite the fact that it be clear some member of the opposition party be involve in anti @-@ ENT_government-organization-0 activity NE_country-0 's military have not accuse the leadership of the NE_political-party-0 or the NE_political-party-1 of be directly involve .
NE_person-0 state that it remain to be see whether the opposition party involve will take disciplinary action or act in the defense of the -CONST--0 arrest activist .
the NE_political-party-0 win general election in ENT_date-entity-0 and win -CONST--0 of -CONST--1 contest seat .
the rule junta have refuse to recognise the victory of the NE_political-party-0 .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( za ) ; NE_country-1 ( iq )
international ; weapon ; proliferation
a team of NE_country-0 weapon expert depart for NE_country-1 with NE_organization-0 approval to assist with NE_country-2 's disarmament program .
political tension be increase as the NE_country-0 threaten war against NE_country-1 .
NE_country-0 president NE_person-0 state on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 that a NE_country-1 team of weapon expert will depart to NE_country-2 within day to assist with NE_country-3 's disarmament program .
in an address to parliament in NE_city-0 NE_person-0 state --
a number of distinguished NE_country-0 will travel to NE_country-1 this week .
the weapon expert will be able to address all matter that relate to nuclear , chemical and biological weapon of mass destruction , missile system , non @-@ proliferation and disarmament .
NE_person-0 state in his NE_publication-0 on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 that NE_country-0 have accept an offer from NE_country-1 to send a team of weapon expert to assist iraqi ENT_government-organization-0 official , scientist and engineer with its disarmament program .
NE_country-0 dismantle a number of nuclear weapon -CONST--0 year ago and be recently praise for its model cooperation with weapon expert invite to inspect its site .
deputy foreign affair minister NE_person-0 state that NE_country-0 be the only country in the world that have destroy nuclear weapon .
NE_person-0 state that the group of NE_country-0 expert will be able to assist the NE_country-1 by relate its experience .
the team of -CONST--0 expert comprise NE_person-0 , NE_person-1 , NE_person-2 , NE_person-3 , NE_person-4 , NE_person-5 and NE_person-6 .
the team would visit NE_country-0 in a consult role and would not replace NE_organization-0 weapon inspector .
NE_person-0 be a colonel in the NE_organization-0 .
NE_person-0 oversee the end of the apartheid regime 's chemical and biological warfare program call NE_program-0 .
germ warfare expert NE_person-0 direct NE_program-0 before NE_person-1 .
in -CONST--0 NE_person-0 be acquit in a NE_country-0 court on all -CONST--1 charge file against him include murder , fraud and drug deal .
NE_person-0 's trial relate to his work as head of NE_program-0 .
NE_person-0 's trial last -CONST--0 month .
NE_person-0 be a NE_country-0 parastatal NE_organization-0 's acquisition general manager .
NE_person-0 be the manage director of NE_country-0 's designate single small @-@ scale facility in term of the NE_thing-0 .
NE_person-0 be the director of non @-@ proliferation and space in the NE_organization-0 .
NE_person-0 also head the secretariat NE_organization-0 non @-@ proliferation of weapon of mass destruction which oversee NE_country-0 's non @-@ proliferation legislation .
NE_person-0 express confidence that the NE_country-0 team of expert would contribute greatly to NE_country-1 's effort to meet obligation impose by the NE_organization-0 .
the government of NE_country-0 's proposal to assist the iraqi ENT_government-organization-0 be discuss with NE_organization-0 secretary @-@ general NE_person-0 and the NE_organization-1 weapon inspector in NE_country-1 .
this week the NE_organization-0 be debate NE_country-0 threat to lead a war on NE_country-1 after chief NE_organization-1 weapon inspector NE_person-0 deliver a progress report to the body on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 .
NE_country-0 's ambassador to the NE_organization-0 NE_person-0 have be call for public session of the NE_organization-1 instead of close meeting in order to allow other country to participate in discussion .
NE_country-0 be the chair of both the NE_organization-0 and NE_organization-1 and have be vocal in its opposition to an attack on NE_country-1 .
NE_country-0 state that the NE_organization-0 be the only body fit to deal with the matter .
in -CONST--0 -CONST--1 NE_award-0 laureate and former president NE_person-0 state that NE_country-0 president NE_person-1 lack foresight , could not think properly , and would cause a world holocaust if the NE_country-1 continue with plan to wage war against NE_country-2 .
critic have state that despite the dire effect an NE_country-0 conflict would have on the african continent NE_country-1 need to carefully assess balance its economic relation with the NE_country-2 with its serious opposition to a NE_country-3 @-@ lead war .
in his speech before parliament -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 NE_person-0 referred to this criticism as most unfortunate state --
critic suggest that the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 's behavior with regard to the NE_country-1 government should be govern by economic benefit that derive from NE_organization-0 ( NE_organization-1 ) .
the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 maintain very good relation with the NE_country-1 government .
difference on any issue have never pressure the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 into submit to the NE_country-1 ' view .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( ir )
international ; ENT_government-organization-0 ; energy ; weapon ; politics
iranian opposition group accuse NE_country-0 of build ban uranium enrichment site as part of a nuclear weapon program with goal of alter power balance in region .
NE_organization-0 nuclear inspector to depart for NE_country-0 to conduct inspection of -CONST--0 site .
on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 iranian opposition NE_group-0 of NE_country-0 ( ncri ) state that NE_country-1 be build ban uranium enrichment site as part of a nuclear weapon program .
the statement be make on the even precede a NE_organization-0 team 's departure for NE_country-0 to conduct inspection at -CONST--0 nuclear site .
NE_country-0 representative for NE_organization-0 NE_person-0 state at a press conference in NE_city-0 that NE_country-1 's strategy be to build weapon of mass destruction and nuclear weapon in particular in order to alter the balance of power in the region in its favor and to facilitate export of fundamentalism and terrorism .
NE_organization-0 NE_organization-1 inspector and its director NE_person-0 depart for NE_country-0 -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 to conduct an inspection at a site in NE_city-0 where representative of the NE_organization-2 have state that the regime have conceal a test centrifuge .
NE_organization-0 show satellite photograph of a site in NE_city-0 portray a cluster of warehouse in which the group claim the regime have hide centrifuge use to enrich uranium that could be use in nuclear weapon .
NE_person-0 state that the clerical regime be take advantage of the current crisis in the region and have accelerate its effort to obtain nuclear weapon .
on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 NE_country-0 president NE_person-0 recognize the existence of a uranium mine and extraction center but promise that the uranium would be use only for peaceful purpose .
the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 be skeptical of NE_country-1 's intention and state that NE_country-2 's pursuit of a complete fuel cycle only make sense if it be pursue nuclear weapon .
NE_organization-0 state on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 that NE_country-0 's clerical ruler be also build and have test missile that would eventually have a range of -CONST--3 to -CONST--4 kilometers ( 2500 to 3700 mile ) .
NE_organization-0 state that the information on NE_country-0 's weapon program have be supply through their intelligence network within NE_country-1 and that satellite photograph be supply by the NE_organization-1 .
the NE_organization-0 be a non @-@ profit clearinghouse for security information and image .
NE_person-0 state --
the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 have remove sensitive equipment from the NE_city-0 site in anticipation of the NE_organization-0 inspection this weekend .
the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 intend to bar NE_organization-0 entry to -CONST--0 of the -CONST--1 large building where the centrifuge be locate and would claim that it be a warehouse similar to the other 4 .
NE_person-0 provide street address of the suspect facility .
NE_person-0 plan to conduct inspection at the NE_city-0 facility south of NE_city-1 and at the NE_city-2 site southwest of NE_city-3 on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 and -CONST--3 -CONST--4 -CONST--5 .
NE_organization-0 state that the NE_city-0 site produce heavy water for the production of plutonium .
plutonium be use as a trigger in nuclear weapon .
NE_person-0 state that such weapon be a matter of survival for the regime in NE_country-0 .
NE_person-0 state that NE_country-0 's clerical regime be in a tenuous position face unprecedented social disenchantment and expansion of popular resistance and would therefore not hesitate to use weapon of mass destruction to stabilize its position .
the ENT_government-organization-0 of NE_country-0 reveal earlier this month that ENT_government-organization-1 have discover uranium deposit near the central NE_city-0 and that a uranium oxide plant have be complete in the central NE_city-1 and would be complement by an enrichment plant now under construction near NE_city-2 to its north .
the plant in NE_province-0 would produce concentrate yellow cake uranium while another facility at an undisclosed location would complete the cycle by produce finish fuel make entirely in NE_country-0 .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( cn ) ; NE_country-1 ( mm ) ; NE_country-2 ( th ) ; NE_country-3 ( ph ) ; NE_country-4 ( jp ) ; NE_country-5 ( kh ) ; NE_country-6 ( id ) ; NE_country-7 ( vn ) ; NE_country-8 ( la ) ; NE_country-9 ( my )
narcotic ; international
the NE_organization-0 report on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 that illicit manufacture of methamphetamines have rise significantly in NE_world-region-0 .
the NE_organization-0 report on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 that illicit manufacture of methamphetamines have rise significantly in NE_world-region-0 .
the NE_organization-0 organ say there continue to be indication that manufacturer of heroin be increasingly shift their attention to methamphetamine particularly in NE_country-0 .
the NE_city-0 @-@ based NE_organization-0 state that the psychotropic substance be clandestinely manufacture on a large scale along NE_country-0 's border with NE_country-1 and in NE_country-2 and the NE_country-3 .
methamphetamine remain the main drug of concern in NE_country-0 , the NE_country-1 and NE_country-2 .
the NE_country-0 health ministry have estimate that -CONST--0 people regularly abuse the substance .
that be -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 of the NE_country-0 's population .
NE_country-0 be the world 's largest consumer of methamphetamines .
authority in NE_country-0 have report a rise in the abuse of stimulant .
the NE_organization-0 state that a sharp rise in methamphetamine abuse have also be note in NE_country-0 , NE_country-1 , NE_country-2 , NE_country-3 and NE_country-4 .
in NE_country-0 there have be a rise in arrest relate to the drug .
the report state that the abuse of amphetamine among children have rise sharply in NE_country-0 .
law enforcement effort apprehend amphetamine in NE_world-region-0 .
the NE_organization-0 organ state that more than -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 of all the seizure in amphetamine make in the world take place in NE_world-region-0 and NE_world-region-1 , mainly NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 .
most of the world manufacture of amphetamine @-@ type stimulant have take place in the region .
the exception be NE_product-0 ( ecstasy ) .
the report state production of methamphetamine pose a grow threat to other region .
seizure of the drug have increase in NE_continent-0 and the NE_country-0 .
illicit opium poppy cultivation decrease in NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 .
the NE_organization-0 say that the region still witness massive amount of traffic .
the region remain the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 largest source of opium and heroin in the world behind NE_country-0 .
the report say intravenous drug abuse have become one of the drive force behind the NE_disease-0 epidemic in the region .
the NE_organization-0 tell NE_country-0 , NE_country-1 and the NE_country-2 to enforce without delay law pass over the last couple of ENT_temporal-quantity-0 in the -CONST--0 country .
this referred to an issue closely relate to the illicit drug trade , namely money @-@ launder and be to combat the practice .
the NE_organization-0 voice concern that NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 have yet to become party to any of the international drug control treaty .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( in ) ; NE_country-1 ( pk )
war and conflict ; terrorism
NE_world-region-0 militant group claim responsibility for attack on NE_country-0 police post in the dispute region that killed at least -CONST--0 people .
NE_country-0 official claim that foreign infiltrator from NE_country-1 execute the attack but local NE_world-region-0 group call this baseless propaganda .
on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 -CONST--3 militant claim responsibility for an attack on a police post in the dispute NE_state-0 in NE_country-0 state that they attack to avenge the kill of their commander by indian troop .
the NE_organization-0 be the largest group fight NE_country-0 rule in the dispute himalayan region .
a spokesman for NE_organization-0 who decline to be identify state to NE_publication-0 --
the attack be in retaliation to the recent kill of district commander NE_person-0 and -CONST--0 other fighter of NE_organization-0 by the NE_country-0 army in NE_world-region-0 .
approximately -CONST--0 to -CONST--1 fighter from NE_organization-0 , NE_organization-1 , NE_organization-2 and NE_organization-3 attack the camp before midnight on -CONST--2 -CONST--3 -CONST--4 and into -CONST--5 -CONST--6 -CONST--7 and kill at least -CONST--8 soldier .
all the fighter who participate in the operation be local NE_world-region-0 not infiltrator from NE_country-0 as claim by NE_country-1 official .
the NE_country-0 claim that cross @-@ border incursion have increase be baseless and aim at cover up NE_country-1 failure in occupied NE_world-region-0 .
the militant attack the post in NE_county-0 in the NE_district-0 approximately -CONST--0 mile north of NE_country-0 NE_state-0 's winter capital NE_city-0 .
at least -CONST--0 people be kill in the attack .
a spokesman for another NE_world-region-0 separatist group call NE_group-0 agree with the NE_organization-0 official state --
the attack be execute by local NE_world-region-0 fighter affiliate with -CONST--0 group .
if NE_country-0 blame foreign militant it be part of its propaganda to mislead the international community .
the NE_world-region-0 be divide between NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 and be claim by both .
NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 have fight -CONST--0 war over NE_world-region-0 since each gain independence from NE_country-2 in -CONST--1 .
NE_country-0 accuse NE_country-1 of fund and train rebel fight to end indian rule in NE_world-region-0 .
NE_country-0 deny the charge .
since -CONST--0 more than -CONST--1 people have die in the insurgency in NE_world-region-0 .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( kz )
weapon ; war and conflict ; military ; terrorism ; international
NE_country-0 increase its air defenses to prevent any missile fire during the NE_country-1 war from threaten its NE_sea-0 coast .
the coast be a home to vital oil industry installation .
on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 a spokesman for the NE_world-region-0 country 's defense ministry say NE_country-0 increase its air defenses to prevent any missile fire during the NE_country-1 war from threaten its NE_sea-0 coast .
the coast be a home to vital oil industry installation .
defense ministry spokesman NE_person-0 tell NE_publication-0 that incident occur when powerful weapon such as NE_missile-0 be use .
NE_person-0 say that NE_country-0 air space be control at all time use measure involve anti @-@ missile defenses , fighter jet and anti @-@ terrorist unit .
NE_country-0 's increase air defenses come during NE_country-1 's NE_military-0 carry out exercise along its NE_sea-0 shore .
the shore be a center of NE_country-0 's nascent oil industry .
NE_world-region-0 country say it be inadequately defend in the event of terrorist attack .
ex @-@ NE_country-0 NE_country-1 be separate from NE_country-2 by a -CONST--0 @-@ kilometer ( 360 @-@ mile ) section of the NE_sea-0 and NE_country-3 territory .
NE_country-0 be currently cooperate with the NE_country-1 on strengthen defenses in this oil @-@ rich area .
kazakh politician say that any overthrow of NE_country-0 NE_person-0 could reduce NE_world-region-0 interest in exploit NE_country-1 's oil field .
investor could turn their attention to NE_country-0 's vast oil resource instead .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( th ) ; NE_country-1 ( mm )
international ; narcotic
the methamphetamine pill know as NE_pill-0 have surpass heroin as NE_country-0 's number one killer drug .
several -CONST--0 NE_country-0 people use the drug .
the methamphetamine pill know as NE_pill-0 have surpass heroin as NE_country-0 's number one killer drug .
several -CONST--0 NE_country-0 people use the drug .
the pill have become part of NE_country-0 society .
no other drug have become as integral in decade .
the effect on the brain of its consumer be disastrous .
NE_product-0 be know as crazy medicine in NE_country-0 .
it have be targeted in a -CONST--0 @-@ ENT_temporal-quantity-0 anti @-@ drug crackdown that have result in the death of nearly -CONST--1 suspect trafficker .
there be much concern over the drug .
the drug 's popularity increase in the mid @-@ -CONST--0 s .
it have make NE_country-0 the world 's number one consumer .
NE_person-0 and NE_person-1 state in their NE_book-0 recently publish by the NE_research-institute-0 that the psychotropic drug be use across society for both work and pleasure .
construction worker , sailor , farmer and taxi driver take the drug to help them through long work day .
student use it to get through exam period .
clubbers use it to help them dance all night .
NE_product-0 possess several quality that have help it supplant heroin as the drug of choice in NE_country-0 .
the book state that the drug convey a completely positive image .
it appear modern and inoffensive because it be synthetic .
the energy , confidence and euphoric feel have give user an image as a drug of happiness .
the pill can also be easily consume .
they can be pop or dissolve in a glass of water , take intravenously , pulverize and inhale , or smoke .
there be at least -CONST--0 type of the pill .
NE_product-0 be easy to manufacture and do not have any climate uncertainty like other drug have .
instruction on how to manufacture the drug be available on the internet .
heroin require opium poppy as -CONST--0 raw ingredient and cocaine depends on yield from the coca plant .
the drug have an affordable price .
it cost -CONST--0 baht ( 1.50 dollar ) per pill on the street before NE_country-0 's drug war start on -CONST--1 -CONST--2 , -CONST--3 and push the price up -CONST--4 ENT_percentage-entity-0 .
the pill cost -CONST--0 @-@ cent to produce .
-CONST--0 pill enter NE_country-0 from NE_country-1 last year .
the book state that the majority of the drug come from NE_country-0 particularly the area control by the NE_ethnic-group-0 of the NE_organization-0 ( unite NE_ethnic-group-1 state army ) .
the book be referring to the pro @-@ NE_city-0 ethnic group say to operate around -CONST--0 laboratory close to the border and the mobile production unit .
NE_country-0 could become an unrivaled regional producer because of the link between the military ruler and the NE_organization-0 , and the jungle canopy where NE_organization-1 operate .
the military and NE_organization-0 link result in a lack of law enforcement .
the drug have become a specialty of the NE_world-region-0 where NE_country-0 , NE_country-1 and NE_country-2 converge .
much of the world 's opium be still produce there .
NE_person-0 and NE_person-1 say that methamphetamine be overtake heroin as the production drug of choice in the area and be profit enormously from the distribution network that heroin traffic have already establish .
-CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 of NE_country-0 's population be now estimate to abuse methamphetamine .
the NE_organization-0 say the figure make it the largest per capita consumer in the world .
the drug have be around in other form for ENT_temporal-quantity-0 .
it be -CONST--0 use in the -CONST--1 s as an antidepressant and then as a psychostimulant during NE_war-0 and the NE_war-1 .
people recruit from impoverished ethnic minority transport the pill along a multitude of route .
NE_country-0 soldier and thai police and bureaucrat protect the cargo and allow them to eventually reach consumer in NE_country-1 .
the book state that -CONST--0 pill will pass through -CONST--1 intermediary from the frontier runner to the retailer .
the retailer will usually sell more to the drug user than he or she require .
this create another dealer and explain the drug 's easy availability across NE_country-0 .
owner of boat in the southern coastal NE_province-0 and construction foremen in NE_city-0 be know to force their worker to take the drug at the begin of the workday .
occasionally in rural area the farmer dissolve the drug in a bottle which they drink while work .
consumer be as young as -CONST--0 and school have become -CONST--1 of the main hub for traffic of methamphetamine .
NE_country-0 's youth be the most at risk .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( af ) ; NE_country-1 ( pk )
international ; terrorism ; ENT_government-organization-0 ; war and conflict
NE_country-0 's interior minister state that NE_criminal-organization-0 be not capable of destabilizing the afghan ENT_government-organization-0 despite post @-@ winter increase in attack on ENT_government-organization-1 and foreign target in the country .
most of the attack be carry out by NE_country-0 @-@ based former NE_criminal-organization-0 member send into NE_country-1 and fund by drug smuggle operation or supporter in NE_country-2 .
on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 NE_country-0 's interior minister NE_person-0 state that NE_criminal-organization-0 and remain NE_criminal-organization-1 militant be not capable of destabilizing the afghan ENT_government-organization-0 despite their increase attack on ENT_government-organization-1 and foreign target .
NE_person-0 be speak at his ENT_ordinal-entity-0 press conference since take office in -CONST--0 -CONST--1 .
NE_person-0 state that the arrival of spring weather be the reason for the increase number of attack by NE_criminal-organization-0 and remain member of NE_person-1 's NE_criminal-organization-1 network .
the traditional fight season in NE_country-0 be spring after the harsh winter .
NE_person-0 state that due to the warm spring weather terrorist activity have increase particularly in the south and southeast region of NE_country-0 .
on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 the NE_government-organization-0 state that security in NE_country-0 be volatile and unpredictable follow a series of attack against foreigner .
in a travel advisory the NE_government-organization-0 state that travel in all area of NE_country-0 include the capital NE_city-0 be unsafe due to military operation , land mine , banditry , arm rivalry among political and tribal group , and the possibility of terrorist attack include attack use vehicular or other bomb .
NE_criminal-organization-0 and NE_criminal-organization-1 militant regularly launch attack on ENT_government-organization-0 and foreign target .
last week a foreign NE_organization-0 worker be murder and -CONST--0 NE_government-organization-0 be kill in an ambush while on patrol .
NE_person-0 state --
on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 NE_country-0 militia force be fight NE_criminal-organization-0 extremist for the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 day near NE_city-0 in southern NE_province-0 near the NE_country-1 border .
there be approximately -CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 terrorist in the mountain of the southern NE_province-0 security force be conduct operation against them .
on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 -CONST--3 member of the security force be kill and -CONST--4 be wound .
-CONST--0 of the terrorist be arrest .
several former NE_criminal-organization-0 member be arrest in another operation in southern NE_province-0 .
NE_person-0 state that among the former NE_criminal-organization-0 member arrest be several well @-@ know former NE_criminal-organization-1 figure who be in NE_country-0 to establish a network of terrorist organization and to conduct anti @-@ ENT_government-organization-0 activity in the area .
among those arrest be former NE_criminal-organization-0 education minister NE_person-0 .
NE_person-0 state --
approximately -CONST--0 suspect NE_criminal-organization-0 member be capture in NE_province-0 and -CONST--1 kill in operation launch after the -CONST--2 -CONST--3 -CONST--4 murder of the NE_organization-0 worker .
most of the terrorist attack be carry out by former NE_criminal-organization-0 member based across the border in NE_country-0 .
these member have confess that they be send from NE_country-0 into NE_country-1 by the former NE_criminal-organization-0 leader .
the NE_country-0 @-@ based former NE_criminal-organization-0 member conduct the attack be be fund by former drug smuggle operation or by supporter in NE_country-1 .
the militant come across the border from NE_country-0 into NE_country-1 be organize by former NE_criminal-organization-0 element .
fund be transfer to the NE_country-0 @-@ based former NE_criminal-organization-0 member from NE_city-0 , NE_city-1 and NE_city-2 but this do not indicate that the ENT_government-organization-0 of NE_country-1 be support the former NE_criminal-organization-1 .
it be true that the interrogated NE_country-0 NE_criminal-organization-0 state that they have come from NE_country-1 and receive their financial support from NE_city-0 and NE_city-1 but this do not indicate that the ENT_government-organization-0 of NE_country-2 be support them .
there be many fundamentalist across the world as well as in NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( pk )
international ; narcotic ; crime ; ENT_government-organization-0 ; war and conflict ; weapon
NE_country-0 's army @-@ lead NE_government-organization-0 seize -CONST--0 metric ton of opium after gun battle with drug smuggler in NE_province-0 .
on ENT_date-entity-0 pakistani official state that NE_country-0 's army @-@ lead NE_government-organization-0 seize -CONST--0 metric ton of opium after a gun battle with drug smuggler in the southwestern pakistani NE_province-0 .
NE_government-organization-0 official state that the street value of the opium be -CONST--0 NE_country-0 dollar .
NE_country-0 official state that the gun battle take place in the NE_desert-0 on the NE_country-1 border -CONST--0 mile west of the NE_province-0 capital of NE_city-0 late on ENT_date-entity-0 .
an NE_government-organization-0 official state that NE_government-organization-1 agent spot a vehicle during a routine night patrol of the area west of NE_city-0 along the NE_country-0 @-@ NE_country-1 border , an anf official say .
an NE_government-organization-0 official state that when the NE_government-organization-1 motion the vehicle to stop the vehicle 's occupant open fire and that the firefight last half an hour .
the NE_government-organization-0 official state that the NE_government-organization-1 team recover -CONST--0 metric ton of opium from the vehicle after an exchange of gun fire and arrest the vehicle 's driver .
the NE_government-organization-0 official state that the drug smuggler manage to escape under the cover of darkness and that the NE_government-organization-1 team recover -CONST--0 rifle , a machine gun , rocket launcher , -CONST--1 grenade and -CONST--2 of round of ammunition from the vehicle .
in ENT_date-entity-0 the authority seize -CONST--0 kilogram of morphine in NE_province-0 .
late in ENT_date-entity-0 the authority recover -CONST--0 kilogrammes of hashish and several automatic weapon .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( eg ) ; NE_country-1 ( sa )
terrorism ; international
a purport NE_person-0 record call for more suicide attack , highlight again the role of NE_country-0 in NE_criminal-organization-0 , while suspicion grow that another NE_country-1 , NE_person-1 , may have be behind the bombings in NE_country-2 .
in a message air ENT_date-entity-0 by NE_ethnic-group-0 NE_country-0 's NE_channel-0 satellite NE_channel-1 , the purport voice of NE_person-0 urge muslims to force westerner out of muslim land by attack westerner and emulate the ENT_date-entity-1 suicide attack in the NE_country-1 .
the speaker call for NE_religious-group-0 to muster their resolve and hit the embassy of NE_country-0 , NE_country-1 , NE_country-2 and NE_country-3 , and strike at the interest , company and employee of NE_country-4 , NE_country-5 , NE_country-6 and NE_country-7 .
the speaker urge muslims to attack and eject NE_country-0 , NE_country-1 , NE_country-2 and NE_country-3 out of -CONST--0 homeland .
the speaker tell muslims not to allow NE_country-0 , NE_country-1 , NE_country-2 , NE_country-3 or other NE_world-region-0 NE_religious-group-0 to live in and benefit from the resource of NE_religious-group-1 country .
NE_country-0 expert say this audiotape be a genuine record of NE_person-0 's voice and prove NE_person-1 be alive and still as influential as before in NE_criminal-organization-0 .
NE_lawyer-0 who have represent NE_religious-group-0 militant suspect in NE_country-0 , state he be certain that the voice on the tape be that of NE_person-0 , NE_criminal-organization-0 NE_person-1 's top lieutenant .
NE_person-0 state that the record be NE_person-1 's voice , style and manner .
NE_person-0 state that he believe that the voice be NE_person-1 's and that the message bore NE_person-2 's characteristic emphasis on NE_religious-group-0 militant attack against NE_ethnic-group-0 ENT_government-organization-0 which be ally to the NE_country-0 .
NE_person-0 be a journalist with NE_country-0 's ENT_government-organization-0 ENT_temporal-quantity-0 NE_publication-0 and an NE_person-1 on NE_religious-group-0 militant .
accord to NE_person-0 , while NE_person-1 have always stress international target , NE_person-2 have gradually show increase support for NE_ethnic-group-0 target as well .
NE_person-0 think it be clear that NE_person-1 be still ENT_ordinal-entity-0 in command of NE_criminal-organization-0 and that his stress on local ( NE_ethnic-group-0 ) target be influence not only statement and action by NE_criminal-organization-1 itself but also group inspire by NE_criminal-organization-2 .
NE_person-0 say that he believe NE_person-1 be under secure protection with NE_person-2 .
NE_person-0 think that security condition sometimes dictate ENT_amr-unknown-0 one speak out .
the situation and location of NE_person-0 , NE_person-1 and other top NE_criminal-organization-0 member have be unknown since the NE_country-0 struck the base of NE_criminal-organization-1 and its NE_criminal-organization-2 supporter in NE_country-1 in ENT_date-entity-0 .
NE_person-0 be unable to illuminate suspicion that NE_person-1 , another NE_country-0 , might have mastermind the triple suicide bombings that kill -CONST--0 people , include -CONST--1 bomber , in NE_city-0 , suadi NE_country-1 ENT_date-entity-0 .
NE_person-0 and other NE_country-0 expert say that NE_person-1 have become NE_criminal-organization-0 's number -CONST--0 in command since become chief of military operation and succeed NE_person-2 .
NE_person-0 be kill during the war in NE_country-0 .
NE_person-0 be a top member in the NE_country-0 NE_religious-group-0 militant NE_movement-0 .
NE_organization-0 be lead by NE_person-0 and carry out many attack in NE_country-0 in the -CONST--0 s .
NE_person-0 leave NE_country-0 at the end of the -CONST--0 s for a NE_world-region-0 NE_ethnic-group-0 country , then traveled to NE_country-1 and then NE_country-2 , where he help train militant at some camp , egyptian source say on condition they not be name .
the NE_country-0 source also say that NE_person-0 be close to both NE_person-1 and NE_person-2 .
a senior NE_country-0 official say ENT_date-entity-0 that he believe NE_person-0 direct the bombings in NE_city-0 .
a senior NE_country-0 official state that it be still not clear whether NE_person-0 have personally be involve .
like NE_person-0 , NE_person-1 and NE_person-2 be on a list of -CONST--0 most wanted suspect release by the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 follow the ENT_date-entity-0 attack .
at least -CONST--0 other NE_country-0 be also on the list : NE_person-0 , NE_person-1 and NE_person-2 .
NE_country-0 security source say that NE_person-0 and NE_person-1 be kill in the war on terror launch after ENT_date-entity-0 .
NE_person-0 and NE_person-1 be believe to have organize suicide attack .
NE_lawyer-0 , a laywer , be consider by security source in NE_country-0 to be responsible for NE_criminal-organization-0 's fund .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( in )
narcotic ; military
NE_country-0 troop already fight rebel in NE_world-region-0 be now engage in a massive campaign to destroy poppy crop in the region .
troop be face angry farmer unaware that poppy cultivation be now punishable as a drug traffic offense .
NE_country-0 troop already fight rebel be now also engage in a massive operation to destroy poppy crop in NE_world-region-0 .
NE_government-organization-0 official from the NE_government-organization-1 launch the campaign with security force on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 in the southern NE_world-region-0 already affect by much violence .
the campaign require troop to confront angry resident desperate to earn a live and unaware they be violate the law .
senior NE_government-organization-0 officer NE_person-0 state that in 2003 the troop have destroy opium poppy crop disperse over -CONST--0 hectare ( 556 acre ) in -CONST--1 village of NE_district-0 and NE_district-1 .
a similar drive be carry out in -CONST--0 in the same region but do not stop resident from replanting .
NE_person-0 state --
the crop destruction of -CONST--0 have not serve as a deterrent .
the state ENT_government-organization-0 have be lax on the issue .
no district official have ever take step to destroy the crop nor even report that poppy crop be grow in his area .
villager in this region approximately -CONST--0 kilometers ( 18 mile ) south of NE_world-region-0 's summer capital NE_city-0 state that cultivate poppy crop be their only livelihood .
farmer NE_person-0 state that he and other farmer have be grow poppy crop in their field for ENT_temporal-quantity-0 with no objection from anyone .
NE_person-0 state that resident be shock when official and troop start destroy -CONST--0 harvest .
many villager grow poppy for their seed use to flavor the NE_world-region-0 bread know as kulcha .
kulcha be always in great demand across the himalayan NE_world-region-0 .
baker buy the seed at -CONST--0 rupee ( two u.s. dollar ) per kilogram .
the lucrative byproduct be poppy sap which can be process into opium .
NE_person-0 be disconsolate as she watch her crop be destroy .
NE_person-0 the -CONST--0 children of her late son state that her poppy crop be her only source of income .
some official admit the resident be not at fault .
a state official tell NE_publication-0 --
these villager be innocent .
they cultivate the crop for poppy seed unaware that its cultivation be punishable .
the villager be inadvertently involve themselves in drug traffic .
official state that because many farmer be unaware of these law security force make no arrest over poppy cultivation .
NE_person-0 state --
if the cultivation continue unrestrained NE_world-region-0 may soon become notorious for narcotic .
this have potential serious consequence as NE_world-region-0 youth may become addict to narcotic grown in the region .
poppy cultivation at present be largely organize by group who use their own truck to transport the drug for sale in other part of NE_country-0 .
in -CONST--0 the NE_country-0 army seize -CONST--1 kilogram ( 772 pound ) of narcotic in the NE_valley-0 .
he will intensify the anti @-@ drug operation .
federal and state official and non @-@ governmental organization should cooperate on the anti @-@ drug campaign and could end the poppy trade in NE_world-region-0 .
a crucial element of the campaign 's success be education of the public .
the NE_world-region-0 be already unstable from -CONST--0 year of the separatist violence that have kill 10 -CONST--1 of -CONST--2 of people and have devastate their once prosperous tourism industry .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_continent-0 ; NE_country-0 ( al ) ; NE_country-1 ( ba ) ; NE_country-2 ( hr ) ; NE_country-3 ) ; NE_country-4 ( cs )
international ; crime ; war and conflict ; politics ; economy
after the first meet between leader of the NE_organization-0 and leader from NE_country-0 , NE_country-1 , NE_country-2 , NE_country-3 and NE_country-4 , leader from the western balkan country pledge to diminish organize crime and corruption in the NE_world-region-0 to meet requirement of NE_organization-1 membership .
leader from NE_country-0 , NE_country-1 , NE_country-2 , NE_country-3 and NE_country-4 met for the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 time with NE_organization-0 leader to pursue join the NE_organization-1 .
NE_organization-0 leader and balkan leader issue a joint statement after the summit , state organize crime and corruption be an obstacle to democratic stability , the rule of law , economic development and development of civil society in the NE_world-region-0 and be a source of concern to european union leader .
the joint statement say combating organize crime and corruption in the NE_world-region-0 constitute a major priority for the ENT_government-organization-0 within the NE_world-region-1 .
the joint statement also state that leader from the balkan country pledge to focus on combating people traffic , illegal immigration and improve border security .
the joint statement include the NE_organization-0 leader ' call for effort to address ethnic tension .
ENT_government-organization-0 in NE_city-0 call for political , economic and judicial reform in the NE_world-region-0 after the war that broke up the former NE_country-0 from -CONST--0 - -CONST--1 and be demand full cooperation with the NE_organization-0 war crime tribunal in NE_city-1 .
the joint statement state that the leader of the western balkan country pledge full and unequivocal cooperation with the NE_organization-0 for the former NE_country-0 , which include the immediate transfer to NE_city-0 of remain fugitive war crime suspect , and that provide justice for war crime be a legal , political and moral imperative to which the leader of the western balkan country be commit .
the joint statement state that the balkan ENT_government-organization-0 must continue with economic reform .
the statement say that persistent effort and structural reform be require to establish function market economy and to achieve sustainable development and to ensure employment .
the joint statement state NE_organization-0 leader reiterate unequivocal support to the NE_continent-0 perspective of the western balkan country and that the future of the NE_world-region-0 be in the NE_organization-1 .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( fr ) ; NE_country-1 )
international ; ENT_government-organization-0 ; dissent ; crime ; terrorism ; leader
a NE_city-0 judge order that -CONST--0 member of NE_country-0 arm NE_organization-0 remain imprison .
the member include the NE_organization-0 symbolic NE_person-0 .
-CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 -- a NE_city-0 judge order that -CONST--3 member of NE_country-0 arm NE_organization-0 remain imprison .
court source state that the member be place under investigation for terrorist offenses .
the member include the NE_organization-0 symbolic NE_person-0 .
the NE_organization-0 view NE_person-0 as the president @-@ elect of a future NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 .
the judge reject NE_person-0 's appeal that the -CONST--0 member be free from preventive detention .
on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 -CONST--3 member of the NE_organization-0 be place under judicial investigation .
the -CONST--0 member include NE_person-0 .
the investigation be the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 step toward formal criminal charge for alleged link between the NE_organization-0 and a terrorist organization and for fund terrorist activity .
last week NE_country-0 police raid more than a -CONST--0 location link to the NE_organization-0 northwest of NE_city-0 .
NE_city-0 official have accuse the NE_organization-0 of use NE_country-0 as a rear base to plan attack against NE_country-1 interest .
a series of demonstration in NE_city-0 and NE_continent-0 protest the raid .
-CONST--0 people set themselves on fire at the raid .
a woman in NE_city-0 and a woman in NE_city-1 die from injury incur by set themselves on fire .
several -CONST--0 supporter stage a hunger strike at the headquarters of the NE_government-organization-0 ( ncri ) .
more than -CONST--0 of the hunger striker have be treat in hospital for dehydration .
approximately -CONST--0 people have be detain in the police crackdown on the NE_organization-0 .
.
the NE_organization-0 have be classify by the NE_country-0 , the NE_organization-1 and NE_country-1 as a terrorist organization .
the NE_organization-0 arm wing occupy base in NE_country-0 have be neutralize by NE_country-1 force .
the NE_organization-0 have accuse NE_country-0 authority of carry out their operation as part of a deal with NE_country-1 .
NE_country-0 deny have such a deal with NE_country-1 .
the NE_organization-0 be the NE_organization-1 's political front in NE_city-0 .
hunger striker be affect by NE_country-0 's heat wave .
ENT_temperature-quantity-0 in NE_city-0 have reach -CONST--0 degree celsius ( 95 degree fahrenheit ) .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ) ; NE_country-1 ( us )
proliferation ; science ; international ; politics
a -CONST--0 NE_country-0 dollar north korean nuclear reactor project be contingent upon progress of discussion between north korea and NE_country-1 regard NE_country-2 's desire to obtain nuclear weapon .
NE_person-0 state on ENT_date-entity-0 that the -CONST--0 NE_country-0 dollar north korean nuclear reactor project be contingent upon progress of discussion between north korea and NE_country-1 regard NE_country-2 's desire to obtain nuclear weapon .
official state that NE_person-0 make the statement during talk with NE_country-0 foreign minister NE_person-1 .
NE_person-0 be executive director of the NE_organization-0 .
NE_person-0 state to reporter that NE_person-1 state that the north korean nuclear reactor project be link to NE_country-0 's problem with nuclear weapon .
NE_person-0 be the head of the NE_country-0 NE_government-organization-0 's NE_government-organization-1 .
NE_person-0 state that NE_person-1 state that NE_country-0 's participation in the multilateral talk propose by the NE_country-1 to settle the nuclear crisis would help NE_organization-0 resolve any policy difference over the north korean nuclear reactor project .
NE_person-0 state that NE_country-0 seem to have take a similar position to NE_country-1 and that there seem to be no determine policy despite various opinion in the NE_country-2 .
NE_person-0 refuse to give any detail about the NE_country-0 nuclear reactor project .
the NE_publication-0 state that NE_person-0 would reaffirm that the NE_country-0 nuclear reactor project may not be complete if the NE_country-1 ENT_government-organization-0 continue to pursue a nuclear agenda .
the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 have reportedly suggest the NE_country-1 nuclear reactor project be halt as part of grow diplomatic pressure on the NE_country-2 ENT_government-organization-1 .
NE_country-0 have so far take a cautious stance on the issue of the NE_country-1 nuclear reactor project .
the NE_organization-0 be create under a ENT_date-entity-0 NE_treaty-0 .
the NE_organization-0 be to provide NE_country-0 with -CONST--0 light @-@ water nuclear reactor deem unsuitable for weapon production and -CONST--1 metric ton of heavy fuel oil per year .
construction on the -CONST--0 light @-@ water nuclear reactor start in ENT_date-entity-0 and be already behind schedule .
construction on -CONST--0 of the -CONST--1 light @-@ water nuclear reactor be originally plan to be complete in ENT_date-entity-0 .
the NE_organization-0 have maintain construction work on the -CONST--0 light @-@ water nuclear reactor and have suspend shipment of fuel oil to NE_country-0 from ENT_date-entity-0 at the height of the nuclear stand @-@ off which intensify in ENT_date-entity-1 when the north korean ENT_government-organization-0 admit to run a nuclear weapon program based on enriched uranium .
the ENT_date-entity-0 NE_treaty-0 require north korea to stop the use of graphite @-@ moderate reactor use to produce weapon @-@ grade plutonium at NE_country-0 's NE_plant-0 nuclear plant .
NE_country-0 do not adhere to the ENT_date-entity-0 NE_treaty-0 .
NE_country-0 unsealed spent fuel rod from the graphite @-@ moderate reactor , remove NE_organization-0 inspector and withdraw from a nuclear non @-@ proliferation treaty .
on ENT_date-entity-0 NE_country-0 admit publicly for the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 time that NE_country-1 be seek nuclear weapon capability .
NE_country-0 official do not know how far NE_country-1 's nuclear weapon program have progress .
NE_country-0 official believe the NE_country-1 ENT_government-organization-0 have already stockpile enough plutonium for -CONST--0 or -CONST--1 nuclear weapon .
NE_country-0 and the NE_country-1 sit down for their ENT_ordinal-entity-0 talk in three @-@ way negotiation with NE_country-2 in ENT_date-entity-0 but no further meeting have be schedule .
NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 be seek support from ENT_government-organization-1 ally to cut NE_country-1 's alleged fund from the sale of arm , illegal drug and currency counterfeit .
NE_country-0 have accuse the NE_country-1 of plan a blockade of NE_country-2 .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( vn )
international ; crime ; narcotic
NE_country-0 police make several arrest after uncover -CONST--0 network traffic drug from NE_country-1 and NE_country-2 .
NE_country-0 state media report on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 that an NE_country-1 man of vietnamese origin and a -CONST--3 national be arrest after vietnamese police uncover -CONST--4 network traffic drug from NE_country-2 and NE_country-3 .
the NE_publication-0 say -CONST--0 national NE_person-0 be arrest on -CONST--1 -CONST--2 -CONST--3 in the southern NE_country-0 NE_city-0 for tran 's involvement in a network smuggle heroin from NE_country-1 to NE_country-2 via NE_country-3 .
the news agency report that police transfer NE_person-0 to NE_city-0 where NE_person-1 's NE_country-0 NE_accomplice-0 , be arrest on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 with more than -CONST--3 gram ( 1.3 pound ) of heroin .
anti @-@ drug police on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 also arrest a -CONST--3 national name NE_person-0 as police broke up a gang traffic the psychoactive pharmaceutical bromazepam from NE_country-0 to NE_country-1 .
NE_person-0 's wife and NE_person-1 's brother and sister @-@ in @-@ law be -CONST--0 of NE_person-2 's NE_country-0 partner and be arrest on -CONST--1 -CONST--2 -CONST--3 in NE_city-0 .
the -CONST--0 couple tell police they have traffic more than -CONST--1 pill of bromazepam .
police also seize more than -CONST--0 pill of bromazepam , a car and close to -CONST--1 NE_country-0 dollar follow a raid at the unmanos ' house .
NE_country-0 have some of the strictest drug law in the world .
anyone find in possession of -CONST--0 gram ( -CONST--1 ounce ) or more of heroin or -CONST--2 kilogram ( 22 pound ) or more of opium could face the death penalty .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( se )
international ; weapon ; proliferation ; politics
the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 appoint NE_person-0 to head a new independent international commission on weapon of mass destruction on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 .
the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 appoint NE_person-0 to head a new independent commission on weapon of mass destruction .
NE_person-0 state that it be very gratify that NE_person-1 be willing to accept the chairmanship because the experience and knowledge NE_person-2 possess be unique .
NE_person-0 state that the commission would provide impetus to disarmament and the non @-@ proliferation of weapon of mass destruction and missile .
NE_person-0 state that the commission will be form in the fall of -CONST--0 and will submit recommendation in -CONST--1 .
NE_person-0 be the former NE_organization-0 weapon chief inspector in NE_country-0 .
NE_person-0 retire from the NE_organization-0 post on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 .
NE_person-0 be also a former minister for foreign affair and direct the chairman of the NE_organization-0 for -CONST--0 year .
the swedish foreign minister NE_person-0 state that NE_country-0 must do everything possible to avert the threat pose by weapon of mass destruction .
in -CONST--0 -CONST--1 the NE_government-organization-0 of NE_country-0 be open a new section specialize in disarmament .
NE_person-0 state the open of the new section be -CONST--0 more way to express the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 's commitment in disarmament .
NE_person-0 also express hope for NE_country-0 to succeed in spread knowledge of and arouse further interest in issue concern -CONST--0 .
the NE_organization-0 begin work in NE_country-0 in -CONST--0 -CONST--1 after the regime of former president NE_person-0 give way to the threat of NE_country-1 military action .
NE_person-0 state that he have be undermine by individual in the NE_government-organization-0 because the individual issue criticism in the NE_country-0 press regard NE_person-1 's cautious approach and failure to locate any weapon of mass destruction in NE_country-1 .
NE_person-0 state that the unite NE_organization-0 do not have enough time to complete inspection before the NE_country-0 lead invasion in NE_country-1 .
NE_person-0 also state that fact that the NE_country-0 be now call for patience while complete a NE_country-1 lead search for the suspect weapon be ironic .
the NE_organization-0 be set up in -CONST--0 -CONST--1 .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( au ) ; NE_country-1 ) ; NE_country-2 ( us )
international ; weapon ; proliferation
on ENT_date-entity-0 NE_country-0 's ENT_government-organization-0 dismiss a threat by a NE_country-1 spokesman of a NE_country-2 nuclear attack on NE_country-3 if NE_country-4 take part in an international operation to stop ship traffic weapon of mass destruction .
on ENT_date-entity-0 NE_country-0 's ENT_government-organization-0 dismiss a threat by NE_country-1 's self @-@ appoint spokesman of a north korean nuclear attack on NE_country-2 if NE_country-3 take part in an international operation to prevent ship from traffic weapon of mass destruction .
NE_country-0 's self @-@ appoint spokesman be the executive director of the NE_organization-0 name NE_person-0 .
NE_person-0 purport to speak for the north korean ENT_government-organization-0 and state NE_television-0 from NE_city-0 late on ENT_date-entity-0 that NE_country-0 would strike NE_country-1 ship interdict north korean vessel .
NE_person-0 warn that if there be an interdiction of NE_country-0 vessel the NE_country-1 ENT_government-organization-0 would retaliate with a nuclear missile attack on major city such as NE_city-0 and NE_city-1 .
NE_person-0 warn that if NE_country-0 take part in interdict NE_country-1 vessel that NE_country-2 could also be attack .
NE_person-0 state that the official north korean position be , if NE_country-0 become part of NE_country-1 manipulation against NE_country-2 reserve the right to attack NE_country-3 .
NE_person-0 state that NE_country-0 be capable of reach the NE_country-1 mainland anytime .
NE_person-0 state that NE_country-0 lack the capacity to reach NE_country-1 .
on ENT_date-entity-0 foreign minister NE_person-0 state that NE_person-1 @-@ choi 's comment carry no authority .
NE_person-0 state that NE_person-1 be a self @-@ appoint voice belong to a NE_country-0 support group in NE_country-1 .
NE_person-0 state that the maritime force propose to stop traffic in illicit weapon and drug would operate within the frame of international law and it do not appear at this stage that any change would be need to strengthen international law to allow the operation to procede .
NE_person-0 warn astralian prime minister NE_person-1 to carefully consider his approach to the NE_country-0 issue .
NE_person-0 state that the NE_country-0 message be for NE_country-1 to watch what they say or NE_country-2 will be harm .
prime minister NE_person-0 be due to leave the philippines on ENT_date-entity-0 for NE_city-0 on the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 leg of his -CONST--0 @-@ nation NE_continent-0 tour to rally support for the NE_country-0 initiative under which an international interception force may be launch to stop country such as NE_country-1 from import and export illicit weapon and drug .
NE_country-0 and have agree to join NE_country-1 lead military train exercise in ENT_date-entity-0 .
the NE_country-0 initiative 's goal be to partially increase pressure on NE_country-1 .
NE_country-0 have claim nuclear ambition and currently NE_country-1 be report to have missile aim at NE_country-2 .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( au ) ; NE_country-1 )
international ; ENT_government-organization-0 ; weapon ; military ; proliferation ; war and conflict
NE_country-0 dismiss NE_country-1 's threat to strike NE_country-2 with nuclear weapon if NE_country-3 participate in an operation to stop ship from traffic weapon of mass destruction .
on ENT_date-entity-0 australian foreign minister NE_person-0 dismiss NE_country-0 's threat to strike NE_country-1 with nuclear weapon if NE_country-2 participate in an NE_country-3 lead operation to stop ship from traffic weapon of mass destruction .
NE_person-0 be the executive director of the NE_organization-0 .
NE_person-0 purport to be a spokesman for the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 .
NE_person-0 state to NE_television-0 from NE_city-0 late ENT_date-entity-0 that NE_country-0 would retaliate against NE_country-1 ship interdict north korean vessel .
NE_person-0 state that NE_country-0 would retaliate with a nuclear missile attack on major city such as NE_city-0 and NE_city-1 .
NE_person-0 state that NE_country-0 would be attack if NE_country-1 be part of the interdiction of NE_country-2 vessel .
NE_person-0 state that the official north korean position be that NE_country-0 reserve the right to strike back against NE_country-1 if NE_country-2 become part of NE_country-3 manipulation against NE_country-4 .
NE_person-0 state that NE_country-0 have reprocessed -CONST--0 nuclear fuel rod at NE_country-1 's NE_facility-0 nuclear facility locate north of NE_city-0 and that NE_country-2 be capable of reach the NE_country-3 mainland anytime .
NE_person-0 state that NE_country-0 have no capacity to reach NE_country-1 .
NE_person-0 dismiss NE_person-1 's threat .
alexandert NE_person-0 state that NE_person-1 's statement be without authority and that NE_country-0 do not have weapon with the range to reach NE_country-1 .
in a statement NE_person-0 state that NE_person-1 be a self @-@ appoint voice belong to a NE_country-0 support group in NE_country-1 .
NE_person-0 state that NE_country-0 do not believe NE_country-1 would launch a nuclear attack against NE_country-2 or that NE_country-3 have the capacity to fire nuclear missile as far as NE_country-4 .
alexandert NE_person-0 state doubt that NE_country-0 be even capable of fire a nuclear missile .
NE_person-0 state that the maritime force propose to stop traffic in illicit weapon and drug would operate within the frame of international law and it do not appear at this stage that any change would be need to strengthen international law to allow the operation to go ahead .
NE_person-0 state that the conclusion of the group of -CONST--0 country endorse the operation to stop ship traffic weapon of mass destruction have be that they be act within established international law and that the group of -CONST--1 country think that there be quite a strong legal foundation already in place to be able to interdict ship carry nuclear weapon or nuclear weapon component .
NE_person-0 state to NE_television-0 that prime minister NE_person-1 should carefully consider how the issue of the threat be approach .
NE_person-0 state to NE_television-0 that the NE_country-0 message be for NE_country-1 say and that if -CONST--0 be not careful then australia will be harm .
NE_person-0 state that NE_country-0 be carefully monitor all australian behavior and that NE_country-1 must be careful how NE_country-2 act towards NE_country-3 .
the comment by NE_person-0 follow a strong warn by NE_person-1 on sunday that war be not yet inevitable but the global community expect NE_country-0 to wind back its nuclear weapon program .
NE_person-0 have plan to leave the NE_country-0 ENT_date-entity-0 to travel to NE_city-0 on the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 leg of a -CONST--0 @-@ nation NE_continent-0 tour to rally support for the NE_country-1 plan that allow an international interception force to be launch against country traffic in illicit weapon and drug .
NE_country-0 be one of -CONST--0 nation that have endorse the NE_country-1 plan and have agree to join NE_country-2 lead military exercise in ENT_date-entity-0 .
the part of the purpose of the NE_country-0 plan be to increase pressure on NE_country-1 .
NE_country-0 have boast of nuclear ambition and NE_country-1 be now report to have missile train on NE_country-2 .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( cn ) ; NE_country-1 )
international ; ENT_government-organization-0 ; weapon
the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 's recent conclusion that NE_country-1 have enough plutonium to build a nuclear bomb have result in urgent diplomacy and plan for new talk .
NE_country-0 deputy foreign minister be dispatch to NE_country-1 to meet with NE_person-0 in an attempt to deescalate the situation .
chinese diplomat be quote in the NE_continent-0 NE_newspaper-0 on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 as state that NE_country-0 believe NE_country-1 currently have enough plutonium to build a nuclear bomb .
this belief cause the government of china to accelerate diplomacy to resolve the crisis and to dispatch NE_country-0 deputy foreign minister NE_person-0 to NE_city-0 , NE_country-1 on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 in this effort .
NE_country-0 be NE_country-1 's closest ally .
NE_country-0 be a NE_person-0 regime .
NE_person-0 be presently in NE_city-0 to inform top NE_country-0 policymakers of the outcome of the rare meet with NE_country-1 NE_person-1 .
the newspaper state that in recent week NE_country-0 intelligence service conclude that NE_country-1 be produce weapon @-@ grade plutonium in sufficient quantity and possess all the necessary component to assemble nuclear @-@ tip missile .
a NE_continent-0 official familiar with internal NE_country-0 report on the finding and NE_country-1 diplomat be quote in the newspaper as state that the reprocessed plutonium be estimate to be sufficient to make at least -CONST--0 nuclear device .
the NE_continent-0 official state that NE_country-0 have yet to combine the plutonium , trigger device and other component into a bomb .
the NE_country-0 report in part verify recent claim make by the ENT_government-organization-0 of NE_country-1 that a number of spent nuclear fuel rod seal in -CONST--0 have be open and have undergo reprocessing ostensibly to produce plutonium .
until now NE_country-0 have state that no evidence exist that NE_country-1 be seek nuclear weapon .
the NE_country-0 government have be unable to confirm the NE_country-1 ENT_government-organization-0 's claim .
NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 official have speculate that NE_country-2 may have -CONST--0 or -CONST--1 nuclear bomb and may have the capacity to build -CONST--2 .
the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 's increase concern be make evident by the new urgency of -CONST--0 diplomacy this week .
at a NE_government-organization-0 brief on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 spokesman NE_person-0 state that the NE_country-0 crisis be at a critical point .
NE_person-0 state that NE_country-0 be attempt to deescalate the situation by promote talk and encourage the -CONST--0 party to make peace .
NE_person-0 state that it be important that the party return to negotiation and continue with the trilateral talk that commence in -CONST--0 -CONST--1 .
the trilateral talk of -CONST--0 end poorly with the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 state ENT_government-organization-1 possess and might test nuclear weapon .
accord to NE_country-0 official there be now a greater possibility that new talk could occur as NE_country-1 appear willing to join another negotiate session with NE_country-2 and the NE_country-3 .
there be also indication that the dialogue could be expand to include NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 .
NE_country-0 official have be quote as say that a dialogue could take place as early as -CONST--0 -CONST--1 .
the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 have always insist on multilateral talk and have be eager to include ENT_government-organization-1 NE_country-1 and NE_country-2 ally .
NE_country-0 have consistently demand 1 @-@ on @-@ 1 talk with the NE_country-1 ENT_government-organization-0 .
the ENT_government-organization-0 of NE_country-0 emphasize that it be more important to resume talk quickly than to refrain until the number of participant can be agree upon .
NE_country-0 be a traditional ally and supplier of food and fuel to NE_country-1 NE_country-2 and be therefore the country with the most leverage over NE_country-3 .
NE_country-0 have demonstrate that it be willing to take advantage of this leverage .
earlier in the crisis NE_country-0 stop oil supply to NE_country-1 for several day .
-CONST--0 day after north korean NE_person-0 grant NE_person-1 the rare meet for -CONST--1 -CONST--2 -CONST--3 the regime 's NE_publication-0 announce that NE_country-0 have recently decide to donate -CONST--4 ton of diesel oil to NE_country-1 .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( th ) ; NE_country-1 ( cn ) ; NE_country-2 ) ; NE_country-3 ( in ) ; NE_country-4 ( mm )
narcotic ; international ; politics
NE_country-0 will host minister from NE_country-1 , NE_country-2 , NE_country-3 and NE_country-4 to discuss the elimination of precursor chemical use in drug production .
official report that minister from NE_country-0 , NE_country-1 , NE_country-2 , NE_country-3 and NE_country-4 will hold talk this week in the northern thai NE_town-0 aim at eliminate precursor chemical use in drug production .
the meet will take place from -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 - -CONST--3 -CONST--4 -CONST--5 in -CONST--6 of the corner of the NE_world-region-0 and be the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 of -CONST--7 kind .
the meet will be attend by the minister responsible for drug suppression in NE_country-0 , NE_country-1 , NE_country-2 , NE_country-3 and NE_country-4 .
NE_country-0 justice minister NE_person-0 will host the meet .
deputy chief of NE_country-0 's NE_government-organization-0 ( oncb ) NE_person-0 state the minister from NE_country-1 , NE_country-2 , NE_country-3 , NE_country-4 and NE_country-5 be expect to adopt the NE_publication-0 the country ' commitment to solve the problem of drug , particularly with regard to precursor and chemical traffic .
ephedrine and pseudoephedrine be contain in legal medicine and be use to produce illegal stimulant include speed or ice which be produce in large quantity in NE_country-0 and then traffic to NE_country-1 and NE_country-2 and beyond .
chemical precursor be also use to turn raw opium into heroin .
NE_person-0 state the minister from NE_country-0 , NE_country-1 , NE_country-2 , NE_country-3 and NE_country-4 expect to openly discuss their country ' weak point and the measure each country be take to control these substance and prevent the substance from reach the NE_world-region-0 area .
NE_person-0 say the ENT_government-organization-0 of NE_country-0 , NE_country-1 , NE_country-2 , NE_country-3 and NE_country-4 will explore way to cooperate to intercept the illegal substance which be also use in legitimate industry .
NE_person-0 state every country have its own way of control precursor but as matter of fact many precursor still flood the NE_world-region-0 area .
the minister from NE_country-0 , NE_country-1 , NE_country-2 , NE_country-3 and NE_country-4 will also address crop substitution initiative for impoverish ethnic minority who still rely on opium cultivation .
NE_person-0 referred to NE_country-0 's successful ENT_temporal-quantity-0 @-@ long campaign to eliminate poppy grow from its territory and report that NE_country-1 be willing to help and share its own expertise on opium elimination by train official .
the minister from NE_country-0 , NE_country-1 , NE_country-2 , NE_country-3 and NE_country-4 will discuss how to find market for goods produce under crop substitution and other related programs such as eco @-@ tourism and handicraft manufacture .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 )
international ; media ; weapon ; technology ; science ; ENT_government-organization-0
NE_newspaper-0 probe find strong evidence that NE_country-0 appear to be in the late stage of develop the capacity to build a nuclear bomb .
the NE_newspaper-0 in the ENT_date-entity-0 edition summarize result of an independent probe which strongly indicate that NE_country-0 be strive to become the world 's next nuclear power and appear to be in the late stage of develop the capacity to build a nuclear bomb .
the NE_newspaper-0 say the -CONST--0 @-@ ENT_temporal-quantity-0 investigation draw on previously secret report , international official , independent expert , iranian exile and intelligence source and uncover strong evidence that NE_country-0 's commercial program mask a military undertake .
NE_newspaper-0 report say that scientist from NE_country-0 , NE_country-1 , NE_country-2 and NE_country-3 plus advance technology have propel NE_country-4 's nuclear program much closer to produce a bomb than NE_country-5 ever be .
NE_newspaper-0 point out that some expert predict NE_country-0 might produce an initial atomic weapon in the next -CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 year .
no one be certain about the actual time frame for NE_country-0 's nuclear weapon production .
nuclear material :
NE_newspaper-0 say a confidential report prepare by the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 in ENT_date-entity-0 conclude that NE_country-1 be surprisingly close to have enrich uranium or plutonium for a bomb .
a foreign intelligence service provide a copy of the report to NE_newspaper-0 .
the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 warn other ENT_government-organization-1 in the report to exercise the most serious vigilance on ENT_government-organization-2 export to NE_country-1 and iranian front company .
NE_newspaper-0 report say that sample of uranium take by NE_organization-0 inspector in NE_country-0 in ENT_date-entity-0 test positive for enrichment level high enough to be consistent with an attempt to build a nuclear weapon .
the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 also secretly import -CONST--0 ton of nuclear material from NE_country-1 in ENT_date-entity-0 and process some of this nuclear material in order to manufacture uranium metal .
this uranium would be of no use in NE_country-0 's commercial program but would be integral to weapon production .
foreign scientist ' involvement :
NE_newspaper-0 quote an unnamed NE_world-region-0 intelligence official that NE_country-0 's role be bigger than thought from the begin .
NE_person-0 have help NE_country-0 for ENT_temporal-quantity-0 and be a NE_country-1 nuclear scientist regard by the NE_country-2 as a purveyor of nuclear secret .
NE_newspaper-0 say people inside NE_country-0 and foreign intelligence official say that NE_country-1 military scientist have be recently monitor enter iranian nuclear facility and be assist in the design of a nuclear warhead .
there be a resort on the NE_sea-0 coast set aside for the exclusive use of NE_country-0 who be work on nuclear and missile project in NE_country-1 .
this indicate the number of NE_country-0 work in NE_country-1 on such project .
NE_country-0 scientist sometimes travel to NE_country-1 under false identity and work without the NE_country-2 ENT_government-organization-0 's approval to help complete a special reactor that could produce weapon @-@ grade plutonium .
new technology :
the report say NE_country-0 have also approach NE_continent-0 company in recent month to buy device that can manipulate large volume of radioactive material .
this technology be for forge uranium metal and plutonium and switch that could trigger a nuclear weapon .
NE_continent-0 intelligence source say list of item the iranians have wish to procure be a strong indication that NE_country-0 have move to the late stage of weapon development .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( ir )
international ; proliferation
NE_country-0 pledge to provide nuclear information to NE_organization-0 and sign nuclear protocol before ENT_date-entity-0 but not to indefinitely suspend uranium enrichment
ENT_date-entity-0 secretary of NE_country-0 's NE_government-organization-0 and senior iranian nuclear official NE_person-0 state --
by ENT_date-entity-0 when director general of the NE_organization-0 NE_person-0 present a new report NE_country-0 will provide all require information and mean of verification to the iaea .
the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 will soon authorize its representative to the NE_organization-0 to sign the additional protocol to the NE_treaty-0 .
ENT_date-entity-0 the NE_organization-0 pass a resolution condemn NE_country-0 for -CONST--0 year of covert nuclear activity .
the resolution contain a passage warn that any further non @-@ proliferation breach by NE_country-0 would occasion stern action .
the NE_country-0 demand that the iranian ENT_government-organization-0 be bring before the NE_organization-0 NE_organization-1 for possible sanction while NE_country-1 , NE_country-2 and NE_country-3 demand that NE_country-4 be reward for cooperate with the NE_organization-2 since ENT_date-entity-0 but neither demand be meet by the resolution .
prior to ENT_date-entity-0 NE_person-0 have make no statement after the ENT_date-entity-1 NE_organization-0 resolution .
NE_person-0 state --
the suspension of uranium enrichment be provisional and voluntary and intend to build confidence .
NE_country-0 continue to refuse to indefinitely suspend its uranium enrichment activity and reserve the right to recommence enrichment at any moment .
NE_country-0 's uranium enrichment have prompt international concern that NE_country-1 may be capable of construct an atomic bomb .
NE_country-0 state that the purpose its nuclear activity be peaceful .
NE_person-0 state that NE_country-0 want to use enrich uranium to supply fuel for a future civil center .
NE_person-0 state that the iranian ENT_government-organization-0 will discuss with NE_continent-0 government the transfer of modern technology , nuclear technology and fuel to NE_country-0 .
an unprecedented mission by the foreign minister of NE_country-0 , NE_country-1 and NE_country-2 in ENT_date-entity-0 convince the NE_country-3 ENT_government-organization-0 to --
declare the entirety of the country 's nuclear activity .
suspend uranium enrichment .
sign the NE_treaty-0 additional protocol allow strict inspection of NE_country-0 nuclear facility .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( cn ) ; NE_country-1 ( de )
technology ; international ; business ; environment
NE_country-0 technology NE_group-0 state that negotiation have begin between NE_group-1 and NE_country-1 to export an unused plutonium @-@ process facility to NE_country-2 .
on ENT_date-entity-0 a NE_country-0 technology group name NE_group-0 state that delicate negotiation have begin between NE_group-1 and NE_country-1 to export an unused plutonium @-@ process facility to NE_country-2 and that the negotiation have support from chancellor NE_person-0 .
NE_person-0 be currently visit NE_country-0 .
news of the potential sale of the plutonium @-@ process facility come after NE_person-0 meet on ENT_date-entity-0 with NE_country-0 premier NE_person-1 .
NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 source state that NE_person-0 express interest in the plutonium @-@ process facility during the ENT_date-entity-0 meet with NE_person-1 then promise to study NE_person-2 's request to purchase the plutonium @-@ process facility .
NE_person-0 be on day -CONST--0 of a -CONST--1 day visit to NE_country-0 .
gerhard schroeder have visit china 5 time since 990000 and have focused the visit on boost economic relation .
NE_person-0 be accompany by a strong business delegation include NE_company-0 boss NE_person-1 .
any sale of plutonium @-@ process facility between NE_country-0 and NE_company-0 be likely to be highly politically contentious and would need the approval of NE_person-0 's centre @-@ leave rule coalition .
NE_person-0 's centre @-@ leave rule coalition include NE_political-party-0 .
a previous proposal to export the plutonium @-@ process facility to NE_country-0 collapse in ENT_date-entity-0 amid political concern .
the political concern be voice by NE_political-party-0 and others .
a NE_company-0 spokesman in NE_country-0 state that NE_person-0 state that NE_company-1 be begin talk with interested NE_country-1 party about a sale of the plutonium @-@ process facility .
a NE_company-0 spokesman in NE_country-0 state that NE_person-0 state that NE_person-1 state that NE_person-2 be not against the sale of the plutonium @-@ process facility in principle .
a NE_company-0 spokesman in NE_country-0 state to the NE_publication-0 that NE_company-1 be confident about the outcome of the talk to sell the plutonium @-@ process facility .
a NE_company-0 spokesman in NE_country-0 refrain from comment on the political aspect of the sale of the plutonium @-@ process facility .
a NE_company-0 spokesman in NE_country-0 state that export permission would be need from the german ENT_government-organization-0 and that the speed of any sale of the plutonium @-@ process facility would be contingent upon obtain the correct political support .
a NE_country-0 delegation have already inspect the plutonium @-@ process facility at NE_city-0 in NE_country-region-0 and NE_company-0 have lodge an application for an export licence .
a spokeswoman for NE_country-0 's NE_government-organization-0 confirm NE_company-0 's application for an export licence have be lodge with NE_government-organization-1 .
a spokeswoman for NE_country-0 's NE_government-organization-0 state to NE_publication-0 that the application for an export licence be be study at ministerial level due to the political consideration involve .
the political aspect of the sale of the plutonium @-@ process facility will be difficult to negotiate .
the plutonium @-@ process facility be describe as NE_continent-0 's largest plutonium plant produce fuel for nuclear reactor and be complete in ENT_date-entity-0 at a cost of -CONST--0 euros .
the plutonium @-@ process facility never go into operation and be abandon in ENT_date-entity-0 .
the NE_city-0 plutonium @-@ process facility be abandon after safety concern .
NE_company-0 state that the NE_city-0 plutonium @-@ process facility be also abandon due to political difficulty at a time of grow debate about the future of nuclear power .
the environment minister of NE_state-0 be NE_political-party-0 member NE_person-0 who be now NE_country-0 's foreign minister .
NE_state-0 include NE_city-0 where the plutonium @-@ process facility be locate .
the plutonium @-@ process facility be estimate to be worth about -CONST--0 euros on ENT_date-entity-0 .
NE_company-0 would not comment on the plutonium @-@ process facility 's estimate value of -CONST--0 euros .
the environmental group NE_organization-0 urge the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 to refuse the sale of the plutonium @-@ process facility .
NE_organization-0 state that any sale of the plutonium @-@ process facility would effectively mark a NE_country-0 contribution to political destabilisation in the NE_world-region-0 .
NE_organization-0 state that the fuel of the plutonium @-@ process facility could be refine to extract weapon @-@ grade material and that the plutonium @-@ process facility should be scrap .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( de ) ; NE_country-1 ( cn )
international ; technology ; energy ; ENT_government-organization-0 ; business ; environment
a NE_country-0 company have discuss buy a plutonium factory from a NE_country-1 technology group .
german defence minister NE_person-0 state that NE_country-0 will export a plutonium facility to NE_country-1 only if NE_country-2 guarantee to use it only for peaceful purpose .
-CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 german defense minister NE_person-0 state that NE_country-0 will export a plutonium facility to NE_country-1 only if NE_country-2 guarantee to use it only for peaceful purpose .
the export be controversial .
NE_person-0 speak in an interview to the NE_newspaper-0 ENT_temporal-quantity-0 .
the rule centre @-@ leave coalition have criticize the propose sale of the plutonium facility .
NE_country-0 chancellor NE_person-0 state earlier this week he will investigate NE_country-1 's request to buy the plutonium facility .
NE_person-0 recently visit NE_country-0 .
NE_person-0 state --
NE_person-0 be correct to promise to examine the propose exportation .
NE_country-0 must guarantee that the plutonium factory will not be use for military purpose but to produce atomic energy .
the sale be a highly emotional subject .
NE_person-0 be confident the coalition will settle its disagreement .
if NE_country-0 make the guarantee NE_person-0 will not be concern about the sale of the facility .
earlier on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 NE_country-0 NE_government-organization-0 spokesman NE_person-0 state --
a NE_country-0 company discuss a possible sale of the facility with owner NE_country-1 technology NE_group-0 .
the facility would be use for civil purpose and have no military goal .
the facility would have nothing to do with non @-@ proliferation issue .
the facility be complete in -CONST--0 .
the facility would have be NE_continent-0 's largest plant produce fuel for atomic power station .
the facility never go into operation .
in -CONST--0 the facility be abandon under pressure from environmentalist NE_political-party-0 .
NE_political-party-0 be now junior partner in NE_person-0 's coalition .
senior green member such as co @-@ NE_person-0 demand NE_political-party-0 sale to NE_country-0 be refuse .
NE_country-0 be phase out atomic energy for environmental reason and senior green member state that it would be hypocritical of NE_country-1 to export an atomic energy facility .
accord to press report NE_political-party-0 foreign minister NE_person-0 have agree to a sale .
some member of of NE_person-0 's NE_political-party-0 protest the sale .
NE_person-0 have publicly express his support of the sale .
the plutonium facility be locate in NE_city-0 , NE_country-region-0 .
NE_person-0 be NE_political-party-0 ' most charismatic figure .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( br )
international ; crime ; ENT_government-organization-0 ; politics ; weapon
NE_country-0 's NE_government-organization-0 approve legislation increase firearm purchase age and propose a -CONST--0 referendum on the ban of gun sale .
ENT_date-entity-0 -CONST--0 of -CONST--1 member of the NE_country-0 NE_government-organization-0 approve restriction on the sale of firearm and enhance sentence for those find guilty of traffic illegal gun .
the legislation increase minimum age for purchase a firearm from -CONST--0 to -CONST--1 and propose a referendum on the ban of firearm sale in ENT_date-entity-0 .
the lower NE_government-organization-0 have already pass the bill .
the legislation must be sign into law by president NE_person-0 to take effect .
senator NE_person-0 of the NE_political-party-0 sponsor the bill and state that the reduction of NE_country-0 's -CONST--0 ENT_temporal-quantity-0 gun death would be a momentous achievement .
NE_country-0 have one of the world 's highest rate of gun @-@ related murder .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( ye )
terrorism ; international
NE_criminal-organization-0 officer NE_person-0 reveal under interrogation that NE_country-0 and yemenis be involve in fund -CONST--0 terrorist attack in NE_country-1 .
source close to the investigation say on ENT_date-entity-0 that NE_criminal-organization-0 officer NE_person-0 have reveal under interrogation that unnamed NE_country-0 and yemenis be involve in fund -CONST--0 terrorist attack in NE_country-1 .
NE_country-0 @-@ NE_person-0 adhal 's alias be -CONST--0 -CONST--1 NE_criminal-organization-0 @-@ -CONST--2 and be NE_criminal-organization-1 's leader in NE_country-1 .
NE_person-0 be arrest ENT_date-entity-0 .
NE_person-0 reveal that the finance of the attack against the NE_ship-0 in ENT_date-entity-0 and the NE_country-0 NE_supertanker-0 in ENT_date-entity-1 october and other terrorist attack go through NE_person-1 and originate from NE_country-1 and NE_country-2 reside outside .
NE_person-0 tell investigator the money come in installments and in small quantity in order to avoid detection .
NE_person-0 tell the investigator all the financial and technical preparation for the attack of both the NE_ship-0 and NE_ship-1 be supervise by NE_person-1 and reveal that -CONST--0 of the -CONST--1 suicide bomber in the NE_ship-2 attack carry the family name of -CONST--2 @-@ -CONST--3 .
the NE_country-0 @-@ own NE_magazine-0 @-@ majala -CONST--0 NE_magazine-1 's current edition say that saudis and yemenis be implicate in the terrorist attack in NE_country-1 .
NE_magazine-0 @-@ majala say the ENT_government-organization-0 of NE_country-0 inform NE_country-1 authority of information reveal by NE_person-0 under investigation reagrding NE_country-2 person involve in the fund and that yemeni authority be prepare to receive NE_country-3 officer in join the investigation .
NE_magazine-0 @-@ majala say NE_country-0 authority refuse a saudi request ask for NE_person-0 to be extradite for interrogation in NE_country-1 because the NE_country-2 NE_law-0 disallow the hand over of NE_country-3 citizen regardless of any charge .
a NE_country-0 team of investigator be currently in NE_country-1 .
NE_country-0 authority believe NE_person-0 be the second @-@ in @-@ command to NE_person-1 .
NE_person-0 's alias be -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 @-@ -CONST--3 .
NE_person-0 be among the -CONST--0 NE_criminal-organization-0 suspect kill in november ENT_date-entity-0 in a missile attack by the NE_country-0 NE_government-organization-0 in the desert NE_local-region-0 east of NE_city-0 in NE_province-0 .
NE_country-0 be the ancestral homeland of NE_criminal-organization-0 NE_person-0 and have be under pressure from the NE_country-1 ENT_government-organization-0 since the ENT_date-entity-0 attack on the NE_country-2 to crack down on presume NE_criminal-organization-1 militant .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( vn ) ; NE_country-1 ( cn ) ; NE_country-2 ( kh ) ; NE_country-3 ( tw ) ; NE_country-4 ( in ) ; NE_city-0 ( hk )
international ; crime ; health
live poultry smuggle undermine NE_organization-0 and NE_organization-1 effort to restrict bird flu spread in NE_continent-0 .
NE_organization-0 and NE_organization-1 advise country to tighten border security .
smuggler be undermine international effort head by the NE_organization-0 NE_organization-1 ( who ) and NE_organization-2 ( fao ) to eradicate bird flu by traffic illegal live poultry that threaten to spread the disease to new area .
attempt to halt bird flu spread --
agriculture and custom official have increase border check throughout the affect region to halt illicit trade .
recent arrest of live poultry smuggler have occur at checkpoint .
most affect NE_continent-0 country have ban the import and export of live and slaughter poultry to prevent the movement of potentially infect chicken and duck across border .
senior NE_organization-0 NE_organization-1 officer in NE_continent-0 NE_person-0 state --
the NE_organization-0 be concern and well aware that there be copious uncontrolled movement of animal between border in some NE_continent-0 country .
smuggle occur chiefly across the green or uncontrolled border of NE_country-0 , NE_country-1 , NE_country-2 , NE_country-3 , NE_country-4 and NE_country-5 be likely a source for spread the flu and other disease .
authority in NE_country-0 state that smuggle of meat and fruit from NE_country-1 have increase drastically in the past year .
NE_country-0 have experience -CONST--0 flu fatality and be the country worst affect by the disease .
prevent smuggle from NE_country-0 be difficult because the country 's extensive land border with NE_country-1 , NE_country-2 and NE_country-3 be poorly control by a notoriously corrupt custom department .
most nation have tighten border control in accordance with NE_organization-0 and NE_organization-1 advisories .
ENT_date-entity-0 NE_country-0 authority detain -CONST--0 in the southern NE_province-0 for import over -CONST--1 duck egg from NE_country-1 .
NE_country-0 have continuously be combating chicken and egg smuggle from NE_country-1 and be on high alert .
ENT_date-entity-0 NE_country-0 tighten security against smuggler follow the discovery in ENT_date-entity-1 of NE_disease-0 in duck smuggle from mainland NE_country-1 .
NE_country-0 have previously successfully control an outbreak of the mild NE_strain-0 flu strain .
NE_country-0 coastguard increase patrol around the island and several island group off the NE_country-1 mainland .
approximately -CONST--0 poultry and pig farmer be vaccinate against human flu to prevent it mutate with bird flu strain .
NE_country-0 be free of the disease but have deploy -CONST--0 of soldier to the border with NE_country-1 .
NE_country-0 have no report NE_disease-0 case but NE_country-1 official suspect that poultry could be smuggle through NE_country-2 from NE_country-3 .
NE_country-0 be one of the country worst affect by the virus .
NE_city-0 authority have increase security along the border with NE_country-0 .
the ENT_government-organization-0 state that illegally slaughter poultry import increase by -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 from -CONST--1 to -CONST--2 .
the NE_government-organization-0 reportedly seize -CONST--0 kilogram of chill or freeze poultry in -CONST--1 compare with -CONST--2 kilogram in -CONST--3 .
custom spokesman NE_person-0 state that the department perform frequent check on smuggle activity and have now increase effort to inspect cargo .
the NE_strain-0 flu strain have cause -CONST--0 death and report outbreak in -CONST--1 country .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( cn )
international ; ENT_government-organization-0 ; technology ; business
NE_company-0 reject a NE_country-0 newspaper report that it have put a stop to technology transfer of its NE_car-make-0 sedan to joint venture partner NE_company-1 ( saic ) .
NE_newspaper-0 report ENT_date-entity-0 that NE_country-0 auto giant NE_company-0 have decide against the further transfer of a technical platform for the NE_model-0 sedan model to joint venture NE_company-1 ( saic ) .
discontinue these technology transfer would cause several -CONST--0 of yuan 's of loss to NE_company-0 .
NE_newspaper-0 say NE_company-0 have invest large sum in the schedule acquisition of the platform , include acquire an auto manufacture plant in NE_city-0 in eastern NE_province-0 .
the report plan be for NE_company-0 to produce a new sedan model design on the NE_platform-0 and with the car set to be launch in ENT_date-entity-0 .
the NE_newspaper-0 say the termination be due in part to NE_company-0 's adjustment of strategy regard NE_country-0 and to ineffective communication with NE_company-1 's chinese partner .
NE_company-0 on ENT_date-entity-0 reject this NE_newspaper-0 report that NE_company-1 have put a stop to technology transfer of NE_car-make-0 sedan to NE_company-2 .
NE_group-0 NE_country-0 spokeswoman NE_person-0 say that the statement make in the NE_newspaper-0 about the stop of knowledge transfer from vw to NE_company-0 be not true .
NE_person-0 say that NE_company-0 do not know where these claim come from and be still work on the subject and try to clarify the situation .
NE_company-0 be not immediately available for comment .
NE_company-0 also have a joint venture with NE_country-0 @-@ based NE_company-1 .
analyst say this issue highlight what might be an increase problem for foreign auto maker as NE_country-0 's ENT_government-organization-0 increase support of domestic car company in hope of build stand @-@ alone name brand .
many NE_country-0 car @-@ maker with overseas venture partner have begin research and develop car independently .
NE_company-0 and have two joint venture in NE_country-0 , NE_company-1 and faw ( ENT_ordinal-entity-0 automotive work ) NE_company-2 NE_company-3 .
approximately -CONST--0 of NE_company-0 's own car be sell in NE_country-0 in ENT_date-entity-0 , up from 510000 in ENT_date-entity-1 .
NE_company-0 sell a total of 800000 sedan in ENT_date-entity-0 .
NE_company-0 's sedan sale top other domestic auto maker , most of which be volkswagens and NE_company-1 ' buicks .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( ly )
international ; proliferation
NE_country-0 foreign minister NE_person-0 visit NE_city-0 during the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 visit by a NE_country-1 foreign minister since -CONST--0 .
NE_person-0 state that NE_country-0 official have have the material to produce weapon of mass destruction but have decide to abandon NE_city-0 's weapon of mass destruction program .
foreign minister NE_person-0 state on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 during a visit to NE_city-0 that NE_country-0 official have all the mean to make weapon of mass destruction but never decide to produce the weapon .
NE_person-0 's visit to NE_city-0 be the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 by a NE_country-0 foreign minister since -CONST--0 .
NE_person-0 state during a press conference alongside NE_country-0 foreign minister NE_person-1 that NE_country-1 official have have the equipment , the material , the know @-@ how and the scientist to make weapon of mass destruction .
NE_person-0 state that have flour , water and fire do not mean have bread .
official in NE_city-0 state on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 that NE_country-0 official be abandon NE_city-1 's weapon of mass destruction program follow month of secret talk with NE_country-1 and NE_country-2 official .
NE_person-0 state the program 's abandonment be not impose on NE_country-0 official .
NE_person-0 state libyan official want NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 aid which would be more beneficial to NE_country-2 than make weapon of mass destruction .
NE_person-0 state the libyan official ' decision be a courageous step and that the announcement of the decision pave the way for the former pariah state of NE_country-0 's reintegration into the international community .
NE_person-0 state that the announcement show that problem of proliferation can with good will be tackle through discussion and engagement .
NE_person-0 state the NE_country-0 official ' decision should benefit the whole region and make the world a safe place .
NE_person-0 state that progress be be make on move to dismantle NE_country-0 's program follow the announcement in -CONST--0 -CONST--1 .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( us )
international ; terrorism ; ENT_government-organization-0
a draft report prepare for the eu executive state that the NE_organization-0 should massively increase research on security issue in order to better protect civilian from terrorist attack .
a draft report prepare for the eu executive state that the NE_organization-0 should massively increase research on security issue in order to better protect civilian from terrorist attack .
the report be create by a work group include research commissioner NE_person-0 and enterprise commissioner NE_person-1 .
it recommend that up to -CONST--0 euros be spend per year on a vast pan @-@ NE_continent-0 research program .
the NE_program-0 ( esrp ) would receive NE_organization-0 fund begin in -CONST--0 .
it be the most ambitious of several recommendation the group be likely to issue when it present its final conclusion in -CONST--0 or -CONST--1 week .
the draft report recommend start security research fund with -CONST--0 euros per year in -CONST--1 .
it will then slowly increase the ENT_temporal-quantity-0 budget to -CONST--0 euros .
NE_continent-0 spend currently lag behind the NE_country-0 .
the NE_country-0 ' NE_government-organization-0 receive -CONST--0 dollar ENT_temporal-quantity-0 plus research credit from the NE_government-organization-1 .
the report state that there be no reason why NE_thing-0 should not be fund at a level similar to the NE_country-0 .
the NE_organization-0 strategy allow for a preliminary period of study and pilot project from -CONST--0 to -CONST--1 .
it promote NE_organization-0 @-@ wide synergies in research on top safety issue include protection against bio @-@ terrorism and improve networking between civilian and military authority across the continent .
-CONST--0 euros have be earmark for the -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2 phase of the research program accord to an exploratory plan of action present by the NE_organization-0 on -CONST--3 -CONST--4 , -CONST--5 .
the work group on security research be form last -CONST--0 and include NE_organization-0 parliamentarian and expert from related industry in addition to the -CONST--1 commissioner .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( fr ) ; NE_country-1 ( mc )
terrorism ; international
NE_country-0 anti @-@ terrorist judge call terrorism serious threat despite dispersal and weaken of NE_criminal-organization-0 .
restrain extremist group be become increasingly difficult because of how the group be finance .
NE_country-0 's top anti @-@ terrorist judge NE_person-0 state to NE_publication-0 -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 that NE_criminal-organization-0 be still capable of inspire people to carry out attack despite be much weak since the -CONST--3 -CONST--4 -CONST--5 attack and the NE_country-1 @-@ lead war in NE_country-2 .
NE_person-0 have lead the NE_country-0 legal effort against extremism and terrorism in recent year .
NE_person-0 state --
the global fight against terrorism be against an increasingly elusive enemy with access to fund virtually impossible to control .
the threat come from long @-@ stand member of NE_criminal-organization-0 .
NE_criminal-organization-0 which still exist but have be significantly weaken by the neutralization and capture of a number of its member and of those in charge .
in an interview in NE_country-0 NE_person-0 call global terrorism a scatter and polymorphous threat .
NE_person-0 be in NE_country-0 attend a meet of the international organization involve in NE_sea-0 political study call NE_organization-0 .
-CONST--0 of alleged member of NE_criminal-organization-0 have be capture or kill since the group claim responsibility for the -CONST--1 -CONST--2 attack on NE_city-0 and NE_city-1 but authority have not be able to locate NE_criminal-organization-1 's NE_person-0 or his top deputy NE_person-1 .
on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 NE_person-0 appear in -CONST--3 tape message broadcast by the NE_language-0 NE_station-0 and NE_station-1 @-@ jazeera television NE_station-2 call in remark attributed to him for renew attack on the NE_country-0 .
NE_person-0 state --
restrain extremist group particularly across NE_continent-0 be become increasingly difficult because of how the group be finance .
the network operate in NE_continent-0 benefit from micro @-@ finance and not from macro @-@ finance .
fraudulent charge card could be use to withdraw significant sum which be then distribute through micro @-@ channel outside the classic financial circle and be practically impossible to detect .
use of false credit card be grow .
it be necessary to expand exist law to combat the fund mechanism .
all exist legal or institutional measure be insufficient to neutralize this threat .
NE_criminal-organization-0 be only 1 of many worldwide threat among the many radical NE_religious-group-0 organization involve in an international jihad and share the NE_criminal-organization-1 strategy that be pursue regional option .
the group be particularly active in NE_continent-0 , NE_continent-1 and NE_continent-2 .
NE_person-0 make these comment before go into a meet with approximately -CONST--0 high @-@ rank or former top international official .
since the -CONST--0 -CONST--1 strike on the NE_country-0 deadly large @-@ scale attack have occur in other part of the world .
among the target have be a synagogue in northern NE_country-0 , a nightclub in NE_island-0 , a hotel in NE_country-1 and numerous location in NE_province-0 and NE_country-2 .
analyst have warn that NE_country-0 could become a breed ground for terrorist organization if a political solution be not find soon .
the NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 invade NE_country-2 nearly -CONST--0 year ago despite massive international opposition .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 )
international ; human right
NE_organization-0 urge NE_country-0 to treat surrender NE_ethnic-group-0 rebel humanely while lao official claim there be no rebel and no insurgency .
the right group state that NE_country-0 troop promise rebel amnesty and a live area if they surrender but have receive conflict report as to whether the NE_country-1 ENT_government-organization-0 have uphold this agreement .
on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 NE_organization-0 call on the NE_country-0 government to ensure that -CONST--3 of NE_ethnic-group-0 anti @-@ ENT_government-organization-0 insurgent and their family who have reportedly surrender be treat humanely .
from its NE_city-0 NE_organization-0 issue a statement say that the NE_country-0 have international obligation in this regard under the NE_treaty-0 and the -CONST--0 NE_organization-1 covenant .
on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 @-@ fund NE_network-0 report --
up to -CONST--0 insurgent and their relative and -CONST--1 rebel commander surrender after ENT_government-organization-0 troop surround several northern holdouts in late -CONST--2 -CONST--3 .
troop use leaflet and megaphone to help communicate to the rebel that authority would grant them amnesty and a special live area if -CONST--0 surrender .
approximately -CONST--0 people surrender near NE_city-0 after traveling on foot from farther north and between -CONST--1 and -CONST--2 people surrender in NE_province-0 .
NE_organization-0 state it have receive conflict report as to their reception and treatment by the authority .
NE_country-0 NE_government-organization-0 spokesman NE_person-0 deny that anyone have surrender insist also that there be no rebel in the impoverished communist nation .
NE_person-0 tell NE_publication-0 that no one surrender , that there be no rebel and there be no war in NE_country-0 .
NE_person-0 state that there be many people come out of the forest to take advantage of NE_country-0 poverty eradication programs .
follow a series of deadly highway ambush and bomb blast the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 call in -CONST--0 -CONST--1 on NE_ethnic-group-0 and others whom they call ethnic minority bandit to lie down their arm , to come out from the forest and to rejoin society .
the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 warn that failure to do so would result in heavy consequence .
small band of ethnic minority rebel predominantly NE_ethnic-group-0 remain from the NE_government-organization-0 @-@ sponsor guerrilla army mobilize to wage the NE_country-0 ' secret campaign in NE_country-1 during the NE_war-0 .
some ENT_date-entity-0 NE_ethnic-group-0 flee to NE_country-0 after the communist takeover in NE_country-1 in -CONST--0 but the remain rebel have continue a low @-@ level , ineffective insurgency for nearly -CONST--1 decade .
the NE_country-0 military have be accuse by human right group of use harsh and often brutal tactic to eliminate them .
NE_organization-0 call on the ENT_government-organization-0 to provide NE_organization-1 agency and other non @-@ ENT_government-organization-1 ENT_government-organization-2 access to all those who have put down their arm in order to assist with basic humanitarian need .
NE_organization-0 state --
long term assistance with their reintegration into NE_country-0 society will also be need .
it be essential that neutral observer be give access to these group of former rebel in order to independently assess their situation and the veracity of ongoing claim of serious human right violation be make by overseas NE_ethnic-group-0 group .
the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 should seize this opportunity to find a peaceful solution to ENT_temporal-quantity-0 of fight and the high human cost on all side of the conflict .
in -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , NE_country-0 @-@ based NE_country-1 exile warn that NE_country-2 force have launch a new offensive against -CONST--2 of NE_ethnic-group-0 rebel and civilian and accuse the communist regime of use starvation as a weapon of war .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ) ; NE_country-1 ( cn )
international ; business ; technology
NE_country-0 energy and transport NE_company-0 may sign a contract to build a high @-@ speed rail link between NE_city-0 and NE_city-1 .
NE_company-0 be in competition with NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 for the contract .
-CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 NE_country-0 energy and transport NE_company-0 president NE_person-0 announce --
NE_company-0 may sign a contract to build a high @-@ speed rail link between NE_city-0 and NE_city-1 .
NE_company-0 be compete against NE_country-0 NE_company-1 and NE_country-1 NE_company-2 for the contract .
the tender have not be announce by NE_country-0 authority .
NE_company-0 seek to develop further business in NE_continent-0 .
NE_company-0 be well @-@ place to receive the NE_city-0 @-@ NE_city-1 rail link contract .
-CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 the high @-@ speed NE_train-0 launch in NE_city-0 .
the NE_railway-line-0 be manufacture in NE_country-0 use technology transfer by NE_company-0 .
NE_person-0 state --
NE_company-0 be willing to negotiate a technology transfer deal in NE_country-0 .
a similar technology transfer deal be sign in -CONST--0 for the NE_railway-line-0 .
technology transfer be NE_company-0 's entry @-@ ticket to NE_continent-0 .
NE_company-0 wish to develop local partnership to reduce cost .
NE_city-0 @-@ NE_city-1 rail link represent NE_country-0 's potential for development in transport include freight , subway and energy .
in -CONST--0 NE_country-0 order as much energy equipment as the rest of the world in total .
the NE_city-0 @-@ NE_city-1 rail link would be -CONST--0 @-@ kilometre ( 620 @-@ mile ) long .
build the NE_city-0 @-@ NE_city-1 rail link would cost an estimate -CONST--0 yuan ( 12 million dollar ) .
the NE_city-0 @-@ NE_city-1 rail link would reduce traveling ENT_temporal-quantity-0 from NE_city-2 to NE_city-3 from -CONST--0 to -CONST--1 hour .
NE_company-0 be involve in large @-@ scale infrastructure project the NE_facility-0 in southwest NE_country-0 and NE_facility-1 NE_city-0 .
NE_city-0 be NE_country-0 's capital .
NE_city-0 be NE_country-0 's business hub .
NE_city-0 be locate on NE_country-0 's eastern coast .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( de ) ; NE_continent-0 ; NE_country-1 ( fr )
international ; economy ; business
NE_organization-0 company threaten job relocation to the -CONST--0 country that will join the eu on -CONST--1 -CONST--2 , -CONST--3 .
it have cause concern and criticism from the current state that ignore the impending sign for several year .
NE_organization-0 company threaten job relocation to the -CONST--0 country that will join the eu on -CONST--1 -CONST--2 , -CONST--3 .
it have cause concern and criticism from the current state that ignore the impending sign for several year .
unemployment be a chronic problem for several NE_organization-0 state .
the issue in NE_country-0 have increase temper to near the boil point .
the NE_organization-0 in -CONST--0 increase tension by back a campaign for company to stop support NE_country-0 .
NE_organization-0 president NE_person-0 advise company not to wait for better policy .
company should act and take advantage of the opportunity offer by NE_continent-0 's eastward expansion .
NE_person-0 's remark be call unpatriotic by NE_country-0 chancellor NE_person-1 and NE_government-organization-0 president NE_person-2 .
on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 NE_company-0 say it might move job from its mobile phone and cordless telephone factory in NE_city-0 @-@ lintfort and NE_city-1 in NE_country-0 to NE_country-1 .
cost be -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 lower in NE_country-0 .
former NE_country-0 finance minister NE_person-0 warn company in -CONST--0 that they have a duty to think of their country .
otherwise they will be stateless .
NE_country-0 be urge to increase research fund and support for innovation as a way to deal with the problem .
junior trade minister NE_person-0 say that NE_country-0 auto plant in NE_country-1 have earn more than -CONST--0 time the amount invest in them .
concern focus on the loss of service and qualify job .
economist be divide .
some say that many transferable post have already move abroad and others predict that the phenomenon will develop further .
new finance minister NE_person-0 be look at measure to favor those who do not relocate .
on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 NE_person-0 state that there be no french company to NE_person-1 's knowledge that be halt production in NE_country-0 to open a factory in the NE_world-region-0 country .
these kind of relocations correspond to a bygone era .
NE_world-region-0 advantage in lower labor astern NE_world-region-1 and NE_continent-0 .
the NE_country-0 employer NE_federation-0 cofindustria see opportunity for investment and trade with the new NE_organization-0 member .
several be close by .
deputy trade minister NE_person-0 welcome the entry of neighboring NE_country-0 .
NE_person-0 say it would provide an open door to the NE_world-region-0 .
many small and medium size NE_country-0 company have already begin establish themselves in NE_world-region-0 , for the most part in NE_country-1 .
-CONST--0 @-@ 00 @-@ 00
NE_country-0 ( al )
international ; ENT_government-organization-0 ; crime
desire admission into the NE_organization-0 , NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 increase effort against drug traffic by strengthen law , seize illegal drug , and investigate possibly corrupt police official .
under the pressure of the NE_organization-0 the ENT_government-organization-0 have escalate ENT_government-organization-1 fight against drug traffic by prepare a new strategy to halt the smuggle of hashish and heroin over NE_country-0 territory from NE_continent-0 towards the NE_world-region-0 .
a recent NE_organization-0 report on NE_country-0 state the situation in NE_country-1 , be worrisome .
the report suggest the NE_city-0 ENT_government-organization-0 adopt an efficient strategy in the ENT_government-organization-1 's effort against drug traffic .
NE_country-0 interior minister NE_person-0 state --
the fight against drug traffic will be the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 's main challenge in -CONST--0 .
the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 have be work on a project of national strategy which will require international support and cooperation .
NE_country-0 's geographic position , NE_country-1 's trade with NE_country-2 and NE_country-3 , and the situation after the NE_war-0 be all element albanian criminal group profit from , thereby make NE_country-4 an important stop for the transit of narcotic .
in -CONST--0 -CONST--1 the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 plan to present a set of anti @-@ NE_criminal-organization-0 law which will allow confiscation of property belong to person involve in criminal and illegal activity .
NE_country-0 justice minister NE_person-0 state the anti @-@ NE_criminal-organization-0 law also provide for the special protection of witness or people involve in illegal traffic who decide to testify and will enable a more efficient strategy .
NE_country-0 official aspire to NE_organization-0 membership .
the NE_country-0 government have make a significant development in the ENT_government-organization-0 's fight against drug smuggler in -CONST--0 .
in -CONST--0 albanian police infiltrate an international drug network operate between NE_country-0 , NE_country-1 , NE_country-2 and NE_country-3 and control by the NE_country-4 albanian and NE_country-5 criminal group link with the NE_country-region-0 mafia NE_criminal-organization-0 .
in -CONST--0 -CONST--1 approximately -CONST--2 policemen -- -CONST--3 of them in top position -- be dismiss on suspect tie with organized crime .
-CONST--0 others have be investigate on similar charge .
NE_person-0 state there will be no smuggler without corrupt policemen and NE_person-1 announce tough measure against policemen and security official link with criminal group .
the NE_organization-0 report quote the name of several NE_country-0 politician directly or indirectly involve in drug traffic but no measure have so far be take against the politician .
NE_country-0 police force have seize more than -CONST--0 kilo ( 440 pound ) of heroin and around -CONST--1 ton of cannabis between -CONST--2 -CONST--3 and -CONST--4 -CONST--5 , double that which be seize in -CONST--6 .
expert say the figure of drug seize be insignificant compare to the estimate quantity of narcotic that be smuggle through NE_country-0 .
international police expert based in NE_city-0 estimate the value of the narcotic in transit at over -CONST--0 dollar ( about 1.6 billion euros ) per year .
expert estimate the amount smuggle through NE_country-0 make up approximately -CONST--0 to -CONST--1 ENT_percentage-entity-0 of the narcotic smuggle into the NE_continent-0 market from the NE_world-region-0 .
NE_country-0 police official NE_person-0 state NE_country-1 smuggler be link to the international criminal organization like ( the NE_country-2 ) NE_criminal-organization-0 , NE_criminal-organization-1 , the NE_country-3 , NE_country-4 , NE_country-5 and NE_country-6 mafia , and the NE_country-7 drug cartel .
NE_person-0 of the NE_country-0 NE_organization-0 office state that drug smuggler have reappear due to increase consumption of narcotic in NE_continent-0 and the production of opium from NE_country-1 , which have reach the level of the year before the NE_country-2 intervention in -CONST--0 with -CONST--1 ton produce in -CONST--2 .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( mm )
military ; narcotic ; media
NE_country-0 's military ruler burn approximately -CONST--0 dollar worth of illegal drug to mark the NE_event-0 .
NE_country-0 's general NE_person-0 state that opium production have be reduce in NE_country-1 but that methamphetamine production be rise .
on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 NE_country-0 's military ruler burn over -CONST--3 kilogram of opium , -CONST--4 kilogram of heroin , -CONST--5 methamphetamine pill , and other drug in a make @-@ shift incinerator set up at NE_city-0 's NE_museum-0 .
international diplomat witness the incineration .
the incinerate drug have a total value of approximately -CONST--0 dollar .
NE_country-0 's military ruler incinerate the drug to mark the NE_event-0 .
-CONST--0 of the head NE_country-0 's NE_government-organization-0 , general NE_person-0 , state the drug incineration on -CONST--1 -CONST--2 -CONST--3 be the -CONST--4 th time the regime have incinerate ton of illegal narcotic .
NE_person-0 state that -CONST--0 dollar worth of drug have be destroy since the drug destroy event begin in -CONST--1 .
NE_person-0 state that opium production and poppy cultivation have decline since -CONST--0 but that methamphetamines be replace opium as the main choice of trafficker .
NE_person-0 state that stimulant tablet be become a threat but do not elaborate on the extent of methamphetamine production or traffic .
the NE_organization-0 state that opium production have decline by -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 in NE_country-0 since -CONST--1 .
in -CONST--0 -CONST--1 the NE_country-0 state that while NE_country-1 have reduce poppy cultivation NE_country-2 remain the world 's ENT_ordinal-entity-0 rank supplier of opium from which derivative such as heroin be make .
thai ENT_government-organization-0 state in early -CONST--0 that ENT_government-organization-1 be consider build a high @-@ security fence along NE_country-0 's border with NE_country-1 in a bid to stop smuggler traffic illegal drug into NE_country-2 .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( ni )
dissent ; ENT_government-organization-0
NE_country-0 commemorate the -CONST--0 th anniversary of the NE_revolution-0 that topple the dictatorship of NE_person-0 but impose a NE_country-1 @-@ style leftist regime .
on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 NE_country-0 cardinal NE_person-0 accept apology and issue a pardon to former NE_political-party-0 NE_person-1 oretga .
NE_country-0 commemorate the -CONST--0 th anniversary of the NE_revolution-0 .
the NE_revolution-0 end the dictatorship of NE_person-0 and impose a NE_country-0 @-@ style leftist regime .
a mass commemorate those who kill during the NE_revolution-0 and those kill during the NE_political-party-0 war against NE_country-0 @-@ fund contra rebel in the -CONST--0 s .
during the mass NE_person-0 cross himself and ask NE_person-1 to forgive him .
NE_person-0 state that the pardon that have be offer and accept be an indispensable premise of a stable and durable peace .
the sandinistas have be accuse of persecute catholic priest during the -CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 NE_political-party-0 rule .
the NE_political-party-0 accuse the NE_organization-0 of anti @-@ ENT_government-organization-0 activity .
the NE_political-party-0 ( fsln ) be currently NE_country-0 's primary political opposition group .
the NE_political-party-0 group be name after NE_person-0 .
in the -CONST--0 s NE_person-0 fight the NE_country-0 marine that support the ENT_government-organization-0 of NE_person-1 's father .
former NE_political-party-0 guerrilla NE_person-0 state that the NE_revolution-0 be one of the most influential event in his life .
NE_person-0 be in the NE_political-party-0 's national leadership .
the NE_political-party-0 ENT_government-organization-0 make broad social and political reform .
illiteracy in NE_country-0 fall from -CONST--0 to -CONST--1 ENT_percentage-entity-0 .
home be give to -CONST--0 poor family .
an agrarian reform program distribute -CONST--0 hectare of land to small farmer .
throughout the -CONST--0 s a proxy war between the NE_country-0 and the NE_country-1 be fight in NE_country-2 .
in a war against NE_country-0 @-@ fund right @-@ wing contra rebel --
approximately -CONST--0 people on both side be kill .
NE_political-party-0 financial reserve be drain .
-CONST--0 of land mine be still on NE_country-0 's northern border .
NE_country-0 be uneasy with the NE_political-party-0 legacy .
former vice president under NE_person-0 NE_person-1 state --
there be plenty of open wound from the NE_political-party-0 legacy .
NE_country-0 have not reconcile how to approach the anniversary of the NE_revolution-0 .
more than half of NE_country-0 be not yet born when the NE_political-party-0 end NE_person-0 's nearly -CONST--0 year @-@ old dictatorship in -CONST--1 .
former guerrilla NE_person-0 state that the revolution be one of the most beautiful revolution in NE_world-region-0 .
NE_person-0 leave the sandinistas and lead rebel in a fail attempt to topple NE_political-party-0 regime .
many other NE_political-party-0 leader leave NE_person-0 's hard @-@ line supporter in the -CONST--0 s .
the NE_political-party-0 remain well run .
the NE_political-party-0 have be out of power since -CONST--0 .
NE_country-0 be run by right @-@ wing party .
current nicaraguan president NE_person-0 state that the NE_political-party-0 have nothing to celebrate because they do much damage to NE_country-0 .
leftist group from across the americas met over the weekend to discuss regional issue as part of the anniversary event .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( cn ) ; NE_country-1 ( tw )
terrorism ; dissent ; telecom ; international
suspect NE_country-0 hackers have attack the website of NE_country-1 's military news agency .
the hackers replace the agency 's homepage with the slogan reunification with NE_country-0 in -CONST--0 .
-CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 -- suspected NE_country-0 hackers have attack the website of NE_country-1 's military news agency .
the NE_country-0 NE_government-organization-0 announce that --
the attack take place on the night of -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 .
the attack take place -CONST--0 day before the NE_country-0 air force be schedule to practice emergency landing on a freeway .
the hackers replace the agency 's homepage with the slogan reunification with NE_country-0 in -CONST--0 .
the agency affiliate with the NE_country-0 NE_government-organization-0 be force to close down its website .
an identical attack occur in -CONST--0 -CONST--1 .
suspect NE_country-0 hackers attack NE_country-1 president NE_person-0 's pro @-@ independence NE_political-party-0 's website .
last week NE_city-0 's NE_newspaper-0 ENT_temporal-quantity-0 newspaper quote NE_country-0 military source as state that NE_country-1 must rejoin -CONST--0 or face military action within -CONST--1 year .
NE_newspaper-0 state that --
NE_country-0 's threat be the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 @-@ ever ultimatum to reclaim sovereignty over NE_country-1 .
NE_country-0 issue an ultimatum to NE_country-1 in response to NE_country-2 's recent pro @-@ independence provocation .
unnamed military source state --
former NE_country-0 president and NE_government-organization-0 chairman NE_person-0 discuss use force to achieve NE_country-1 's reunification in a speech at a NE_city-0 military conference .
NE_country-0 's emergency land practice be a measure against an attack by NE_country-1 .
t2 NE_country-0 @-@ NE_aircraft-type-0 @-@ 5s be schedule to land , refuel and load ammunition on the road in NE_city-0 , southern NE_country-1 .
NE_government-organization-0 spokesman NE_person-0 state that practice landing be design to review the tawainese NE_military-0 's capability in use freeway for emergency landing and logistic support in case of war .
NE_country-0 have increase rhetoric since NE_person-0 's re @-@ election in -CONST--0 -CONST--1 .
NE_country-0 reiterate a long @-@ stand vow to take NE_country-1 by force should NE_person-0 attempt to claim formal independence .
NE_country-0 have consider NE_country-1 part of chinese territory since NE_country-2 and NE_country-3 split at the end of a civil war in -CONST--0 .
NE_country-0 await NE_country-1 's reunification with NE_country-2 .
NE_newspaper-0 be pro @-@ NE_city-0 .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( my ) ; NE_country-1 ( cn )
international ; weapon ; technology ; ENT_government-organization-0
NE_country-0 have agree in principle to purchase medium @-@ range missile from NE_country-1 .
NE_country-0 will transfer technology relate to very short @-@ range air defense to NE_country-1 in return .
malaysian deputy prime minister NE_person-0 say ENT_date-entity-0 that NE_country-0 have agree in principle to purchase medium @-@ range missile from NE_country-1 .
the NE_agency-0 news agency say that under the pact between NE_company-0 and -CONST--0 local company , cnpmiec would transfer technology on production of the NE_missile-0 shoulder @-@ launch NE_missile-1 if NE_country-0 purchase cnpmiec 's medium @-@ range ks @-@ NE_missile-2 .
included be provision for special test facility , tool , manufacture process documentation , train and technical support .
NE_person-0 say after sign a memorandum of understand on the purchase that if the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 give its full commitment , detail of the procurement and offset program will be finalize later .
NE_person-0 be quote by NE_publication-0 as say that the procurement of the surface @-@ to @-@ air missile be part of the NE_military-0 modernization program and would be make under the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 NE_country-0 plan from ENT_date-entity-0 @-@ ENT_date-entity-1 .
the cost of the weapon be not reveal .
NE_company-0 president NE_person-0 say NE_country-0 have also offer to conclude the ks @-@ NE_product-0 transaction on flexible payment term , include counter @-@ trade , barter and defer payment .
NE_publication-0 say NE_country-0 have procure very short @-@ range air defense system from NE_country-1 , NE_country-2 and NE_country-3 under the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 malaysian plan from ENT_date-entity-0 @-@ ENT_date-entity-1 .
the ENT_government-organization-0 have dramatically increase major arm procurements in ENT_date-entity-0 @-@ ENT_date-entity-1 , range from NE_country-0 NE_jet-0 fighter jet and NE_country-1 missile system to NE_country-2 submarine and NE_country-3 attack tank .
the ENT_government-organization-0 of NE_country-0 have deny the weapon build @-@ up could spark an arm race in the region and say the purchase be simply design to upgrade defenses and that there be no aggressive intention .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( pk ) ; NE_country-1 ( cn )
international ; energy
NE_country-0 approve installation of ENT_ordinal-entity-0 nuclear power plant to be supply by long @-@ time ally and defense supplier NE_country-1 .
the plant will be construct next to an exist plant and be project to be operational in -CONST--0 year .
prime minister @-@ in @-@ wait NE_person-0 state -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 that NE_country-0 's top economic body approve the installation of a ENT_ordinal-entity-0 nuclear power plant to be supply by NE_country-1 .
finance minister NE_person-0 state on national television that the NE_government-organization-0 have approve phase -CONST--0 of the NE_city-0 nuclear power project to cost approximately -CONST--1 rupee ( 880 million u.s. dollar ) .
the plant will generate -CONST--0 megawatts of electricity .
a statement issue by the NE_government-organization-0 say --
it have approve installation of a nuclear power plant approximately -CONST--0 mile south of NE_city-0 at NE_city-1 , NE_province-0 .
the project comprise a nuclear steam supply system , a turbine generator set and auxiliary equipment include electrical , mechanical and civil work .
the project anticipate technology transfer with the ultimate goal that the NE_country-0 NE_government-organization-0 would be self @-@ sufficient in all aspect of design , installation , construction and operation .
the plant will be construct next to an exist plant also supply by NE_country-0 and operational since -CONST--0 .
the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 plant will be ready to generate electricity in -CONST--0 year .
the agreement to install the plant be sign in -CONST--0 -CONST--1 by NE_company-0 president NE_person-0 and NE_government-organization-0 chairman NE_person-1 in NE_city-0 .
NE_country-0 have relied heavily on long @-@ time friend and ally NE_country-1 for its defense need since -CONST--0 when the NE_country-2 stop supply it with military hardware because of its nuclear program .
NE_country-0 confirm it have nuclear weapon in -CONST--0 -CONST--1 when it match test conduct by NE_country-1 .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( jp ) ; NE_country-1 ( cn )
international ; technology
NE_country-0 hackers be suspect of attempt to hack the website of NE_country-1 war shrine NE_worship-place-0 .
this hack attempt have coincide with the NE_game-0 final , which lead some analyst to believe that the suspected attack be run @-@ up to the football final between NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 .
the website of a controversial war shrine in toyko call NE_worship-place-0 experience many abnormal visit from abroad on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 .
the abnormal visit cause the website to have browse problem .
at one point more than -CONST--0 visit to the NE_worship-place-0 website be make at the same time .
the homepage of the website of NE_worship-place-0 be not damage by the hack attempt .
no official be immediately available from yasukuni shrine to confirm the report .
NE_worship-place-0 and japanese ENT_government-organization-0 office may have come under cyber attack from chinese hackers in the run @-@ up to the NE_game-0 football final between NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 in NE_city-0 on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 .
the suspect cyber attack on NE_worship-place-0 's website coincide with rowdy behavior by chinese fan who have repeatedly boo the NE_country-0 football team and anthem as the japanese football team enter the NE_game-0 final against the host NE_country-1 .
a pro @-@ NE_city-0 newspaper in NE_city-1 state that NE_country-0 hackers be mobilize -CONST--0 people to wage cyber attack on more than -CONST--1 official websites in NE_country-1 and NE_country-2 from -CONST--2 -CONST--3 , -CONST--4 until -CONST--5 , -CONST--6 .
the NE_newspaper-0 state on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 that the NE_country-0 hackers be think to have be organize by the NE_organization-0 .
NE_country-0 prime minister NE_person-0 and his predecessor have anger NE_continent-0 neighbors who suffer under NE_country-1 occupation by make pilgrimage to NE_worship-place-0 .
NE_country-0 , NE_country-1 and the NE_country-2 be especially anger .
NE_worship-place-0 be widely see in NE_continent-0 as a symbol of NE_country-0 's militarism .
NE_worship-place-0 honors the NE_country-0 who die in war , include the NE_war-0 leader hang by the NE_country-1 lead ally as war criminal .
the NE_island-0 be a group of NE_sea-0 islet claim by NE_country-0 , NE_country-1 and NE_country-2 .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( kr ) ; NE_country-1 ( tw )
international ; technology ; ENT_government-organization-0
NE_country-0 's NE_company-0 dismiss report that its technology transfer agreement with NE_country-1 's NE_company-1 might falter due to concern from south korean ENT_government-organization-0 over help foreign competitor .
the company have exchange information and establish a long @-@ term strategic alliance to share technology .
NE_country-0 's NE_company-0 dismiss report -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 that its technology transfer agreement with NE_country-1 's NE_company-1 might falter due to concern from the ENT_government-organization-0 of NE_country-2 .
a NE_company-0 official state to NE_publication-0 --
report that the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 be concern that NE_company-0 would be help foreign competitor by establish a partnership with NE_company-1 be not true .
the pending agreement be unaffected .
NE_company-0 will adopt NE_company-1 's -CONST--0 nanometer technology at its new plant in central NE_country-0 start in -CONST--1 quarter -CONST--2 .
both maker of dynamic random access memory ( dram ) chip have exchange information on NE_company-0 's -CONST--0 and -CONST--1 nanometer technology .
the NE_company-0 state that it have pass on to NE_company-1 its expertise in -CONST--0 @-@ inch ( 300 millimeter ) production .
the -CONST--0 NE_product-0 maker sign a memorandum of understand ( mou ) in -CONST--1 to initiate a long @-@ term strategic alliance in technology license , foundry service and development of new generation memory production process .
NE_company-0 state that the new alliance would represent nearly -CONST--0 quarter of the world 's NE_product-0 output .
the mou state that NE_company-0 will license to NE_company-1 certain proprietary technology for NE_product-0 stack process while NE_company-2 offer NE_company-3 its -CONST--0 @-@ inch fabrication capacity .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( af )
narcotic
NE_country-0 's new NE_government-organization-0 seize and destroy more than -CONST--0 ton of drug , seize equipment and weapon , and detain -CONST--1 people in a major operation in southern NE_province-0 .
the NE_country-0 NE_government-organization-0 make a statement ENT_date-entity-0 that approximately -CONST--0 kilogram ( 103 pound ) of brown heroin , -CONST--1 kilogram of opium , -CONST--2 ton of hashish and an opium press have be destroy by the NE_government-organization-1 .
the statement also say the NE_government-organization-0 also seize -CONST--0 weapon and detain -CONST--1 people in NE_province-0 .
no further detail be give and the ministry do not say whether the -CONST--0 people arrest be trafficker or ordinary farmer who be grow the narcotic .
NE_country-0 's NE_government-organization-0 be launch ENT_date-entity-0 after be train by NE_country-1 commando .
NE_country-0 be now the lead producer of opium and grow -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 of the world 's supply of the narcotic accord to NE_organization-0 figure .
NE_country-0 have a -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 increase in opium production in ENT_date-entity-0 and have also become a base for heroin refine over 040000 .
the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 be receive support by the international community in take a hard line on the issue .
president NE_person-0 declare a holy war on drug shortly after be elect president in ENT_date-entity-0
NE_country-0 have pledge $ -CONST--0 to battle NE_country-1 's burgeon drug industry .
NE_country-0 foreign minister NE_person-0 say during a visit to NE_city-0 ENT_date-entity-0 @-@ ENT_date-entity-1 that NE_city-1 would double its fund for fight the drug industry problem from $ -CONST--0 dollar to $ -CONST--1 start from the next financial year begin ENT_date-entity-2 .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( jp )
international ; technology ; dissent
cyber attack target NE_country-0 NE_government-organization-0 homepage .
a NE_country-0 official blame south korean hackers for the attack , cite the passage of a NE_country-1 resolution that stress the NE_country-2 ENT_government-organization-0 's claim to an island chain control by NE_country-3 .
a massive amount of information flood the homepage of the NE_country-0 NE_government-organization-0 , -CONST--0 , begin at -CONST--1 @:@ -CONST--2 am ( 0050 -CONST--3 ) on -CONST--4 -CONST--5 -CONST--6 .
access to the website have be erratic .
NE_country-0 foreign press secretary NE_person-0 term the flood of information a cyber attack and state that official be work to fix the problem .
NE_publication-0 cite a NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 source and state the latest attack may have come from NE_country-1 .
on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 a NE_country-0 local assembly pass a resolution stress the japanese ENT_government-organization-0 's claim to a small island chain control by NE_country-1 .
anti @-@ NE_country-0 protest occur in NE_city-0 after the passage of the resolution .
japanese ENT_government-organization-0 websites have come under occasional cyber attack especially from country which NE_country-0 invade in the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 half of the -CONST--0 th century .
in -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , administrator of the NE_worship-place-0 dedicate to NE_country-0 's war dead state the NE_worship-place-1 's website had be the target of internet attack .
most of these attack be via e @-@ mail write in NE_language-0 .
in -CONST--0 , hackers accessed japanese ENT_government-organization-0 websites and leave message in NE_language-0 and NE_language-1 range from insult to attack on NE_country-0 's wartime past , after japanese conservative group hold a forum in the western NE_city-0 to deny the -CONST--1 massacre in the NE_country-1 NE_city-1 by japanese troop .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( tw )
international ; crime ; business ; technology ; telecom
NE_country-0 's chip NE_company-0 ( umc ) announce on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 that it would obtain a -CONST--3 ENT_percentage-entity-0 stake in NE_country-1 @-@ based chipmaker NE_company-1 through a compensation package .
NE_country-0 's chip NE_company-0 ( umc ) announce on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 that it would obtain a -CONST--3 ENT_percentage-entity-0 stake in NE_country-1 @-@ based chipmaker NE_company-1 through a compensation package .
the stake be value at -CONST--0 NE_country-0 dollar ( 110 million us dollar ) and the investment go to the core of cross @-@ strait investment tie .
both company be be investigate in NE_country-0 for alleged breach of trust .
NE_company-0 chairman NE_person-0 say the company have submit a letter to NE_country-0 's NE_government-organization-0 ask for assistance in transfer the stake .
it say it be compensation for previous assistance .
NE_company-0 manufacture cut @-@ edge microchips .
the chip be install in a wide range of computer and electronics find in mobile phone , television and car .
the technology be highly prize in NE_country-0 .
market analyst believe the assistance involve a technology transfer from NE_company-0 to NE_company-1 and the compensation through the stake represent a payment .
no cash change hand .
NE_person-0 say the letter follow a verbal promise make by NE_company-0 to pay NE_company-1 a reasonable amount of compensation .
that include a commitment to merge the -CONST--0 company .
NE_person-0 say no formal write agreement have be sign .
both company would next seek a strategic partnership if the NE_government-organization-0 approve the deal .
NE_company-0 be the world 's ENT_ordinal-entity-0 largest wafer foundry and have recognize its investment in NE_company-1 which have previously be deny .
NE_country-0 authority lift a ban in -CONST--0 -CONST--1 on mainland @-@ bound investment in -CONST--2 @-@ inch ( 200 millimeter ) silicon wafer plant .
this follow assurance from potential investor that the island would not lose out on transfer technology .
prosecutor raid the home and office of NE_company-0 executive in -CONST--0 -CONST--1 as part of a probe into the alleged illegal supply of fund , technology and human resource to NE_company-1 .
NE_company-0 be found in -CONST--0 -CONST--1 with capital of -CONST--2 NE_country-0 dollar .
its chairman NE_person-0 have be bar from leave NE_country-0 after be bail out of police custody for -CONST--0 NE_country-1 dollar .
NE_person-0 and NE_company-0 vice chairman NE_person-1 have also be name as defendant in on @-@ go investigation .
NE_company-0 have never seek ENT_government-organization-0 approval for NE_country-0 @-@ bound investment .
the company have previously call NE_company-0 a friendly company while deny any financial tie between the two .
only NE_company-0 peer NE_company-1 have receive official approval to build a plant in NE_city-0 .
NE_company-0 be the world 's biggest contract microchip @-@ maker .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( in )
international ; technology ; military
NE_country-0 be expect to close a $ -CONST--0 dollar deal to buy -CONST--1 NE_country-1 NE_submarine-0 in a few day .
this deal have be in process for several year and will strengthen NE_country-0 's military capability .
vice @-@ chief of naval staff NE_person-0 in NE_country-0 state -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 that NE_country-1 will close a $ -CONST--3 dollar deal under which the NE_military-0 will buy -CONST--4 NE_country-2 NE_submarine-0 in a few day .
the deal have be in process for several year .
the deal will also include a technology transfer that will allow the NE_submarine-0 to be manufacture under license in NE_country-0 at the mazagaon NE_company-0 off the western NE_city-0 .
the goal of the submarine deal be to strengthen a weakness in NE_country-0 's conventional military capability .
a source in the prime minister 's office state that the deal be on the agenda of the next security cabinet meet on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 .
a naval official state that the final approval for the project be discuss when NE_country-0 chief of defense staff general NE_person-0 visit NE_country-1 in -CONST--0 , -CONST--1 .
a naval official state that -CONST--0 the deal be approve the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 submarine will not be ready for induction for at least -CONST--1 year .
the naval official also state that by the time the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 submarine be ready for induction some of the older boat in NE_country-0 's fleet of -CONST--0 diesel @-@ electric submarine will be ready for decommission .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( kh ) ; NE_country-1 ( cn ) ; NE_country-2 ) ; NE_country-3 ( mm ) ; NE_country-4 ( th ) ; NE_country-5 ( vn )
narcotic ; international ; politics ; crime
NE_river-0 country meet in NE_country-0 to pledge new anti @-@ drug commitment and revisit -CONST--0 anti @-@ drug pact
ENT_date-entity-0 minister and official from country surround the mekong river ( cambodia , china , laos , myanmar , thailand and vietnam ) meet to discuss the progress of a -CONST--0 pact aim at stem illicit drug in the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 ENT_temporal-quantity-0 ministerial meet in NE_city-0 , northwestern NE_country-0 .
the NE_organization-0 ( unodc ) state that the country adopt the NE_law-0 as a renew commitment to act against the region 's expand drug trade .
the country discuss exchange information , control chemical need to make illicit drug , control amphetamine , provide drug treatment and sustainable alternative development .
-CONST--0 project worth -CONST--1 dollar be currently in operation under an action plan implement as part of the -CONST--2 pact with NE_organization-0 .
NE_country-0 prime minister NE_person-0 open the meet and state --
regional cross @-@ border crime flourish due to increasingly open border and more amicable economic and social relation among country in the region .
produce and traffic illegal drug be only 1 aspect of organize transnational crime .
money launder be a particular concern for the NE_river-0 sub @-@ region because this money will fund terrorist activity .
NE_country-0 be consider an increasingly important trans @-@ shipment point for illicit drug in the region .
NE_country-0 and the NE_country-1 have criticize NE_country-2 for fail to meet international anti @-@ drug commitment .
NE_city-0 be the gateway town to the NE_complex-0 temple complex .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( gb )
terrorism ; technology ; telecom
expert warn of new cyber attack encrypting document and extorting payment for decryption .
-CONST--0 case report with potentially many in future .
software protection company warn of a new form of cyper @-@ attack call ransomware .
if it install successfully , ransomware encrypts text file and display a ransom note demand -CONST--0 dollar to supply decryption software to restore the data to its original form .
ENT_date-entity-0 anti @-@ virus program NE_company-0 state on its website ( -CONST--0 : //www.symantec.com/avcenter/venc/data/trojan.pgpcoder.html ) that the attack program be a NE_city-0 horse .
NE_city-0 horse do not replicate from machine to machine as virus do .
NE_company-0 state that the ransomware enter the computer via weakness in the victim 's web browser and then scan the hard drive and encrypts any text @-@ based document find .
ENT_date-entity-0 the NE_country-0 -CONST--0 NE_magazine-0 state that -CONST--1 case of ransomware have be discover which may pioneer a new and dangerous generation of malicious software .
the know ransomware program be titled -CONST--0 in an attempt to undermine the legal , popular and highly secure encryption NE_product-0 .
NE_publication-0 state that the NE_state-0 web @-@ filter NE_company-0 discover NE_product-0 and notify the NE_government-organization-0 .
NE_product-0 use an unsophisticated algorithm to encrypt the data so that a computer consultant be able to decode the document easily .
NE_publication-0 state that future virus writer may compel victim to pay by encrypting file use military @-@ grade system .
ransomware 's weakness be that the demand include a traceable contact email address and electronic bank account .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( sy )
international ; weapon ; military
NE_country-0 military official state that NE_country-1 test fire -CONST--0 NE_missile-0 -CONST--1 week ago in an act of defiance to the NE_country-2 and the NE_organization-0 , NE_newspaper-0 .
-CONST--0 of the missile break up over -CONST--1 NE_country-0 village .
it cause no injury .
on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 NE_country-0 military official state in NE_newspaper-0 that NE_country-1 test fire -CONST--3 NE_missile-0 -CONST--4 week ago in an act of defiance to the NE_country-2 and the NE_organization-0 .
-CONST--0 of the missile break up over -CONST--1 NE_country-0 village .
it cause no injury .
the official state the missile test be normal .
it be NE_country-0 's ENT_ordinal-entity-0 since -CONST--0 and cause embarrassment to NE_country-1 .
NE_country-0 decide to make the missile test public because the NE_country-1 silence about them be unsettle .
the NE_country-0 official in NE_city-0 tell NE_newspaper-0 that the missile test be part of a NE_country-1 missile development project use NE_country-2 technology .
the -CONST--0 missile be the older NE_missile-0 that have a range of -CONST--1 kilometers ( 185 mile ) and -CONST--2 NE_missile-1 's with a range of -CONST--3 kilometers ( 435 mile ) .
the missile be design to deliver air @-@ burst chemical weapon .
the official say the launchings on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 be NE_country-0 president NE_person-0 's response to NE_country-1 and NE_organization-0 pressure that force al @-@ assad to withdraw NE_country-2 troop from neighboring NE_country-3 .
this be in the wake of the -CONST--0 assassination of former prime minister NE_person-0 .
a senior NE_country-0 military official say the test be probably need for the missile project but NE_person-0 be take a risk and send a message .
anti @-@ NE_country-0 NE_journalist-0 be kill -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 when a bomb explode under kassir 's car in NE_city-0 .
the attack be blame on the pro @-@ NE_country-0 regime and widely condemn at home and abroad .
NE_country-0 angrily deny the accusation through its official news NE_agency-0 .
the NE_country-0 official say the syrian missile be launch from northern NE_country-1 newar NE_city-0 .
one be send about -CONST--0 kilometers ( 250 mile ) to southernmost NE_country-0 near the NE_country-1 border .
the missile that that broke up be launch southwest toward the NE_sea-0 , over the NE_country-0 NE_province-0 and shed debris over -CONST--0 village there .
the NE_country-0 say they have film of the launch and breakup .
the NE_country-0 ambassador to the NE_country-1 NE_person-0 tell NE_newspaper-0 there be no casualty in the missile breakup .
NE_person-0 add that NE_country-0 have apologize for the technical mishap .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( tw )
international ; weapon
NE_country-0 successfully fire its ENT_ordinal-entity-0 cruise missile .
this will enable NE_country-0 to hit major military target in southeast NE_country-1 .
ENT_date-entity-0 NE_publication-0 report that NE_country-0 have successfully test fire the NE_missile-0 its ENT_ordinal-entity-0 cruise missile enable NE_country-1 to hit major military target in southeast NE_country-2 .
NE_publication-0 state that the NE_missile-0 cruise missile be develop by the military @-@ NE_research-institute-0 , have a range of -CONST--0 kilometers ( 600 mile ) and could be use to attack military base in southeast NE_country-0 .
NE_publication-0 state that -CONST--0 the missile be deploy it would mark the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 time that NE_country-0 be able to put strategic weapon into use and that the political and military impact of this would be far @-@ reach .
NE_newspaper-0 say defense minister NE_person-0 witness the test fire of the missile from NE_base-0 military base in the southern NE_county-0 and that the missile flew over -CONST--0 kilometers ( 300 mile ) before hit its target .
the defense ministry decline to comment on the report .
the report do not specify when the test take place but speculate that it could have be in -CONST--0 .
the missile be expect to go into pilot production later in ENT_date-entity-0 or ENT_date-entity-1 .
NE_country-0 be strive to build up its missile defense capability to counter the military threat from NE_country-1 .
official state that NE_country-0 have targeted NE_country-1 with approximately -CONST--0 ballistic missile .
NE_country-0 's cabinet approve a revise arm deal with the NE_country-1 in ENT_date-entity-0 worth almost -CONST--0 dollar after a previous proposal be reject by NE_government-organization-0 .
the arm package over a -CONST--0 @-@ year period begin in ENT_date-entity-0 include -CONST--1 conventional submarine , a modified version of the NE_system-0 anti @-@ missile system and a fleet of anti @-@ submarine aircraft .
the package be pending final approval by NE_government-organization-0 .
this large budget proposal have provoke debate NE_country-0 as critic say the spend could further provoke NE_country-1 and heighten cross @-@ strait tension .
NE_country-0 consider NE_country-1 part of its territory await reunification since they split at the end of the civil war in ENT_date-entity-0 , and have repeatedly threaten to invade if NE_country-2 move towards formal independence .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( br ) ; NE_country-1 ( us )
international ; health ; money
NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 and NE_company-0 agree on lower price for NE_disease-0 NE_drug-0 in response to NE_country-1 threat to violate the patent .
accord to NE_organization-0 study the price of the drug be exorbitant and the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 demand that NE_company-0 lower the price .
on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 NE_country-0 's NE_government-organization-0 state that NE_country-1 NE_company-0 have agree to reduce the price of its NE_disease-0 @/@ NE_disease-1 NE_drug-0 to prevent NE_country-2 from violate the company 's patent as it have threaten .
the ministry say in a statement --
the agreement make with NE_company-0 guarantee the ministry 's propose objective ensure a significant price cut for the drug over the next -CONST--0 year .
NE_company-0 agree to a technology transfer procedure so that NE_country-0 's state @-@ NE_company-1 can begin produce NE_product-0 in -CONST--0 .
the agreement guarantee access to NE_product-0 by NE_country-0 patient .
NE_product-0 be an update version of NE_product-1 that be pending approval by NE_country-0 health authority .
over the -CONST--0 year which the agreement cover NE_country-0 expect to save up to -CONST--1 NE_country-1 dollar in drug purchase .
the ministry recently state that an agreement with NE_company-0 would save NE_country-0 -CONST--0 NE_country-1 dollar in its -CONST--1 budget to provide NE_disease-0 patient free anti @-@ NE_disease-1 treatment consisting of a cocktail of anti @-@ retroviral drug include NE_drug-0 .
currently -CONST--0 patient in NE_country-0 receive NE_product-0 .
the number be expect to increase to -CONST--0 by -CONST--1 .
on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 NE_country-0 declare NE_drug-0 of national interest and demand that NE_company-0 decide within -CONST--3 day to either agree to lower its price for the drug or face a violation of its patent .
on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 NE_country-0 health minister NE_person-0 state that the price pay by the NE_country-1 ENT_government-organization-0 to purchase NE_product-0 represent -CONST--3 cost of -CONST--4 NE_country-2 dollar per patient .
NE_person-0 state that this price be consider exorbitant because study of the NE_organization-0 ( wto ) show that for large @-@ scale production the fair price include a considerable margin of profit should range from -CONST--0 to -CONST--1 NE_country-0 dollar per patient per year .
NE_person-0 state that NE_country-0 plan to have a less expensive generic copy of the patent drug produce locally by a state @-@ own company .
NE_state-0 @-@ based NE_company-0 state that NE_country-0 's demand be illegal and warn that develop unproven alternative NE_disease-0 medication pose significant consequence for patient .
NE_company-0 state that it remain open to an agreeable solution .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( pk ) ; NE_country-1 ( gb )
international ; terrorism
pakistani analyst say that NE_country-0 's network of madrassas have close link with NE_religious-group-0 extremist in NE_country-1 , who supply them with extremist recruit and fund .
pakistani analyst say on ENT_date-entity-0 that NE_country-0 's network of madrassa NE_religious-group-0 school have close link with NE_religious-group-1 extremist in NE_country-1 , who supply -CONST--0 with extremist recruit and vital fund .
on ENT_date-entity-0 NE_country-0 foreign secretary NE_person-0 express concern over what go on in some NE_country-1 madrassas .
it have emerge that NE_person-0 be one of the terrorist who carry out the bomb of an underground subway train at NE_station-0 in NE_city-district-0 .
NE_person-0 be say by his uncle to have go in ENT_date-entity-0 to a NE_country-0 madrassa , want to learn to recite the NE_book-0 by heart .
source in NE_country-0 say that NE_country-1 authority should look inside NE_country-2 border where the NE_world-region-0 community be turn to increasingly extremist religious view .
NE_person-0 of NE_organization-0 commision say that militancy be be export in the reverse direction .
young NE_country-0 come from NE_country-1 have very extreme and hard @-@ line view and view british culture as decadent .
when pakistani @-@ british youngster come to NE_country-0 they be surprise to see women walk around without burqas .
analyst say NE_person-0 's trip to NE_country-0 be by no mean unusual , as many pakistani family who emigrate some -CONST--0 or -CONST--1 year ago and settle in NE_country-1 send their children for religious teach at madrassas .
NE_person-0 say they want to ensure their children be not alienate from their family faith and hope a brief stint of a few term will help grind them in NE_religious-group-0 and NE_country-0 culture .
NE_person-0 say that complaint have nonetheless be receive from parent in NE_country-0 who be very concern about teenager who graduate and then go back to the NE_country-1 for university .
the parent of some madrassa student be say that the young men be somewhat confuse when away from the NE_country-0 for the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 time and be consistently be approach by other NE_country-1 or by NE_ethnic-group-0 who attempt to get them to join extremist group .
such student bring extremism back to the NE_country-0 when come back home .
madrassas continue to produce a peculiar state of mind in student , say NE_person-0 .
NE_person-0 be the former head of political science department at NE_university-0 .
NE_person-0 say that these student have a state of mind of religious orthodoxy be vulnerable to violence and extremism .
some of the radical religious school in NE_country-0 have thrive on fund regularly come from supporter among the muslim community in NE_country-1 .
security source say that in -CONST--0 case , several -CONST--1 pound be send to outlaw NE_criminal-organization-0 of NE_country-0 in ENT_date-entity-0 .
NE_country-0 security official inform the NE_country-1 authority and identify the man who sent the money as -CONST--0 -CONST--1 .
NE_person-0 be a prayer leader in a mosque in NE_city-0 .
NE_country-0 admit that some of the estimate -CONST--0 madrassas in NE_country-1 be breed ground for extremism .
madrassas have be a part of muslim social life on the NE_country-0 subcontinent for ENT_temporal-quantity-0 .
in the -CONST--0 s they become a recruit ground for the NE_country-0 @-@ sponsor militant movement against the NE_country-1 occupation of neighboring NE_country-2 .
president NE_person-0 have be campaign since early ENT_date-entity-0 for reform of madrassas .
many madrassas be unregulated and the NE_organization-0 say -CONST--0 student attend such NE_religious-group-0 school .
education minister NE_person-0 state on ENT_date-entity-0 that effort be work to get madrassa leader to broaden the curriculum beyond rote koranic learn and to encompass useful and employable skill .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( gb )
terrorism ; international ; telecom
ENT_date-entity-0 terrorist attack may prompt counter @-@ extremism measure sufficient to force islamist militant organization in NE_city-0 into convert operation via the internet .
anti @-@ terrorist law in the NE_country-0 strengthen and suspect extremist be pursue more aggressively after the ENT_date-entity-0 attack in the us .
the ENT_date-entity-0 terrorist attack that kill -CONST--0 on NE_city-0 underground train and a double @-@ decker bus prompt demand for further anti @-@ terror law and surveillance of islamist militant .
director of the NE_research-institute-0 at the NE_university-0 in NE_country-0 NE_person-0 state that the militant may be force underground into the cybersphere , which have potential utility for command , communication , and especially recruitment .
NE_criminal-organization-0 be the islamist core operate in NE_city-0 .
the two main component of NE_criminal-organization-0 be the international NE_criminal-organization-1 and the exiled opposition to current NE_ethnic-group-0 or muslim regime .
NE_criminal-organization-0 emerge in the -CONST--0 s because NE_city-0 be a center for finance and NE_language-0 media and because of NE_country-0 's lenient asylum law .
ENT_date-entity-0 the NE_organization-0 ( chatham house ) state --
by the mid @-@ -CONST--0 s NE_country-0 intelligence agency and police be aware that NE_city-0 be expand as a base for promoter , funders , and planner of terrorism in the NE_world-region-0 and elsewhere .
official do not perceive any threat to national security and the individual continue their activity with relative impunity .
ranstorm state that the militant have previously cautiously avoid incitement to violence .
foreign ENT_government-organization-0 oppose the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-1 's passive policy .
ENT_government-organization-0 crackdown --
in -CONST--0 NE_country-0 authority dismantle the NE_worship-place-0 in NE_city-0 , the previous venue of salafist jihadists .
since then the militant have move to informal area , study group , and youth centers .
the former imam of NE_worship-place-0 be NE_country-0 @-@ NE_person-0 .
NE_person-0 be cripple with -CONST--0 eye and -CONST--1 arm and be incarcerate in NE_facility-0 await a ENT_date-entity-0 trial on charge of incite racial hatred and murder .
NE_person-0 be a NE_country-0 consider the spiritual chief for NE_criminal-organization-0 in NE_continent-0 .
he be under house arrest after serve -CONST--0 year at NE_facility-0 .
NE_country-0 NE_person-0 state --
the remain preacher must adopt a clandestine attitude or risk surveillance or arrest .
islamist group such as those seek reform in NE_country-0 , NE_country-1 , or NE_country-2 will be stymie .
NE_criminal-organization-0 's imminent disappearance may force militant to seek a clandestine meet place on the internet .
there be a number of websites manage or administer from NE_city-0 and the internet facilitate global connection .
ENT_date-entity-0 the NE_country-0 founder of the radical NE_movement-0 NE_person-0 relocate his organization to internet chat room .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( fr ) ; NE_country-1 ( in )
international ; technology ; military ; ENT_government-organization-0 ; leader ; money
NE_country-0 president NE_person-0 confirm -CONST--0 euro purchase of -CONST--1 franco @-@ NE_country-1 submarine .
NE_company-0 additionally purchase -CONST--0 NE_company-1 plane for -CONST--1 euros .
ENT_date-entity-0 NE_country-0 president NE_person-0 meet with indian prime minister NE_person-1 at the president 's NE_city-0 office and confirm NE_country-1 's -CONST--0 euro purchase of -CONST--1 franco @-@ NE_country-2 NE_submarine-0 .
the submarine deal stipulate that the franco @-@ NE_country-0 make vessel be assemble in NE_city-0 as part of a technology transfer agreement .
the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 have pursue the deal enthusiastically .
NE_person-0 additionally confirm the state @-@ NE_company-0 ' -CONST--0 euro purchase of -CONST--1 NE_company-1 passenger aircraft previously announce by NE_person-1 and NE_company-2 .
NE_person-0 state --
NE_person-0 welcome the deal as a measure of friendship , trust and cooperation between NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 .
NE_person-0 and NE_person-1 will discuss counter @-@ terrorism and NE_country-0 's bid for a permanent seat on the NE_organization-0 and desire to develop the country 's civilian nuclear energy sector .
NE_military-0 spokesman commander NE_person-0 state in NE_city-0 --
the submarine contract have yet to be officially confirm but pending clearance the -CONST--0 construction will commence .
the submarine will benefit the NE_military-0 's overall force level .
the diesel @-@ electric submarine be design for coastal defense .
the vessel be -CONST--0 meter long , contain sophisticate detection equipment , -CONST--1 torpedo tube and missile launchers and can remain at sea up to -CONST--2 day with a crew of -CONST--3 and dive -CONST--4 meter .
NE_person-0 be the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 foreign leader to meet with NE_person-1 since be release from the hospital on ENT_date-entity-0 after a report minor vascular problem affect his vision .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( es )
weapon ; crime
NE_country-0 detain suspect neo @-@ nazi group in the eastern NE_province-0 region on suspicion of possession and traffic of weapon .
expert claim there be approximately -CONST--0 extremist group in -CONST--1 NE_country-0 city comprise -CONST--2 people .
on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 NE_country-0 detain suspect neo @-@ nazi group in NE_country-1 's eastern NE_province-0 region .
a regional court spokesman announce --
on -CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 -CONST--2 -CONST--3 NE_country-0 detain the group on suspicion of possession and traffic of weapon .
group be charge with break law of illegal association and risk public health .
last week NE_country-0 arrest -CONST--0 suspect extremist .
-CONST--0 suspect extremist be release on bail .
-CONST--0 suspect extremist be provisionally release without bail .
the regional court spokesman state that -CONST--0 suspect extremist have not yet be question .
the suspect neo @-@ nazi group be reputedly a member of the anti @-@ NE_criminal-organization-0 ( afs ) .
judicial authority believe the suspect neo @-@ nazi group have organised violent raid against rival group .
on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 NE_country-0 's NE_government-organization-0 state that police uncover illegal item and arm of the kind use in raid against rival group .
pressure NE_group-0 claim there be approximately -CONST--0 extremist group in approximately -CONST--1 NE_country-0 city .
this estimate be based on -CONST--0 @-@ year @-@ old official figure .
the extremist group be comprise of approximately -CONST--0 people .
neo @-@ nazi NE_group-0 claim the total number of extremist be approximately -CONST--0 .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_continent-0 ; NE_country-0 ( cn )
international ; economy
NE_country-0 's research and development spend will catch up with that of the NE_organization-0 in ENT_date-entity-0 or ENT_date-entity-1 if current spend trend continue .
condition for research and development in some emerge market like NE_country-0 may be surpass NE_continent-0 's , so european company be transfer some of their investment there .
NE_newspaper-0 report ENT_date-entity-0 that in just -CONST--0 year NE_country-0 will be spend proportionally more on research and development than the NE_organization-0 .
NE_organization-0 commissioner for research NE_person-0 tell NE_newspaper-0 that the NE_country-0 trend be extremely clear .
NE_person-0 say that NE_country-0 will catch up with the NE_organization-0 in ENT_date-entity-0 or ENT_date-entity-1 if the trend continue .
NE_newspaper-0 say research and development investment in NE_country-0 be -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 of gdp in ENT_date-entity-0 but be rise at a double @-@ digit rate .
NE_newspaper-0 say that at present growth rate , the NE_organization-0 's public and private spend on research and development be set to rise from -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 of gross domestic product in ENT_date-entity-0 to -CONST--1 ENT_percentage-entity-1 in ENT_date-entity-1 .
this be well short of the -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 target agree by NE_organization-0 head of ENT_government-organization-0 as part of the ENT_date-entity-0 NE_thing-0 .
NE_person-0 be quote as say that the condition for research and development in some emerge market like NE_country-0 be improve and it be obvious that NE_continent-0 company be transfer some of their investment there .
NE_person-0 be worry about NE_continent-0 's unfavorable research and development environment range from excessive red tape to insufficient corporate tax incentive and continue divergence in intellectual property protection and patent .
in response to the research and development boom in country such as NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 , the NE_organization-0 ENT_government-organization-0 will this week table new proposal to help retain and attract research fund in the -CONST--0 .
an NE_organization-0 ENT_government-organization-0 plan to double the NE_organization-1 's own research and development budget to -CONST--0 euro over ENT_date-entity-0 @-@ ENT_date-entity-1 be shelve in -CONST--1 amid a dispute among NE_organization-2 leader over future NE_organization-3 fund .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( in ) ; NE_country-1 ( pk )
weather and natural disaster ; war and conflict ; terrorism
deadly attack in NE_country-0 continue despite death of NE_country-1 NE_world-region-0 rebel and destruction of group infrastructure due to earthquake .
there be conflict opinion as to the extent of damage suffer by the insurgency .
rebel fight continue despite loss suffer by NE_religious-group-0 rebel in NE_country-0 @-@ rule NE_world-region-0 in the massive earthquake .
the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 be attempt to assess the extent of loss suffer by rebel .
police state that on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 -CONST--3 militant enter the fortify NE_city-0 home of junior education minister NE_person-0 of the NE_political-party-0 ( pdf ) and shoot him to death .
-CONST--0 policeman and -CONST--1 of the attacker also die and -CONST--2 others be injure in the gunfight .
the attack occur less than -CONST--0 day after suspect rebel shot and kill a prominent communist politician in NE_country-0 NE_world-region-0 .
the ENT_temporal-quantity-0 violence have continue despite a ceasefire declaration in area affect by the -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 earthquake .
the violence that have occur since the earthquake have be attributed to an umbrella group of separatist call the NE_group-0 .
some insurgent have join relief effort .
the NE_country-0 military have not react to insurgent ' relief effort and have continue counter @-@ insurgency operation .
the army state that while it direct aid work it have also kill more than -CONST--0 militant since the earthquake .
federal intelligence agency have be work to assess the damage to insurgent in and around NE_city-0 .
NE_city-0 be the militant ' headquarters and the capital of NE_country-0 NE_world-region-0 .
army chief general NE_person-0 state --
the epicenter of the -CONST--0 @-@ magnitude earthquake be in NE_city-0 and cause damage among the militant group .
all the terrorist infrastructure in and around NE_city-0 be destroy and many innocent people die .
it be premature to state with certainty what impact the earthquake have have on the militant group as infrastructure remain intact in other area in NE_country-0 .
the militant group be seek either independence for NE_world-region-0 or absorption into NE_country-0 .
over -CONST--0 people in NE_country-0 NE_world-region-0 and -CONST--1 people in NE_country-1 be kill in the earthquake .
the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 accuse the NE_country-1 government of train , arm and fund the NE_religious-group-0 rebellion .
the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 deny this charge but state that it do extend moral , political and diplomatic support to NE_world-region-0 separatist .
head of military operation in NE_country-0 NE_world-region-0 brigadier NE_person-0 express confidence on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 that many of the militant have be kill .
NE_person-0 state that the NE_criminal-organization-0 and the NE_criminal-organization-1 have suffer major loss in the earthquake on the NE_country-0 side .
NE_group-0 and NE_group-1 that carry out frequent attack .
violence continue despite conflict opinion on the extent of damage suffer by the rebel group .
retire general NE_person-0 reject suggestion that the earthquake have critically damage the core of the insurgency .
NE_person-0 be NE_country-0 's army chief when the insurgency erupt in -CONST--0 .
NE_person-0 state that such suggestion be unrealistic .
NE_person-0 state that he do not think the insurgency have be destroy because the group be mobile unit and live in tented accommodation .
NE_person-0 state that the destruction of a few communication centers or sub @-@ command post have little affect on the great organization .
approximately -CONST--0 people have die in the insurgency .
head of the military @-@ fund NE_research-institute-0 in NE_city-0 NE_person-0 also warn against complacency state that loss of firepower and manpower be unimportant .
NE_person-0 state that the militant will soon regroup because they be highly motivate and believe they can achieve their goal of free NE_world-region-0 from NE_country-0 control with violence .
the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 be also take a cautious approach .
NE_country-0 defense minister NE_person-0 on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 call for vigilance along the -CONST--3 @-@ mile de facto border which divide the -CONST--4 kashmirs .
NE_person-0 state --
militant have attempt to infiltrate NE_country-0 NE_world-region-0 approximately -CONST--0 time since -CONST--1 -CONST--2 -CONST--3 include -CONST--4 on a single day .
some of the militant want to take advantage of the unstable situation in the region .
the presence of civilian among the troop on relief work could help militant cross the de facto border .
there could be more infiltration attempt next week before winter snow block the mountain pass .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( fr ) ; NE_country-1 ( cn )
international ; technology ; science ; ENT_government-organization-0 ; energy ; business ; money ; leader
during a -CONST--0 @-@ day tour of NE_country-0 NE_country-1 prime minister NE_person-0 state that french NE_company-0 must improve its offer for a nuclear reactor deal with regard to price and technology transfer .
NE_person-0 also sign a deal to initiate student exchange programs and attempt to allay anxiety about NE_country-0 's rapidly grow power .
on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 chinese prime minister NE_person-0 state that in order to win a contract to build ENT_ordinal-entity-0 @-@ generation nuclear reactor in NE_country-0 NE_country-1 must improve its offer in term of both cost and transfer of technology .
NE_person-0 be speak on the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 day of a -CONST--0 @-@ day visit to NE_country-0 .
on a tour of the elite NE_university-0 in the southern suburb of NE_city-0 NE_person-0 state that NE_country-0 hope NE_country-1 will offer more attractive condition on technology transfer as well as price so that franco @-@ chinese cooperation in this field can develop .
the NE_country-0 NE_company-0 be bid for an -CONST--0 NE_country-1 dollar ( 6.8 billion euro ) deal to construct -CONST--1 reactor in NE_country-2 as be NE_country-3 NE_company-1 and NE_country-4 NE_company-2 .
the bid among the -CONST--0 company have be competitive .
NE_country-0 be to have announce a winner by the end of -CONST--0 but have delay its decision until early next year hope to elicit better term from the bidder .
on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 during the -CONST--3 @-@ day visit to NE_country-0 a NE_country-1 order for -CONST--4 medium @-@ range NE_airliner-0 from the NE_continent-0 NE_consortium-0 be announce .
NE_company-0 also sign a protocol that could lead to aircraft be construct in NE_country-0 .
prime minister NE_person-0 hold talk in NE_city-0 with NE_country-0 prime minister NE_person-1 and NE_country-1 president NE_person-2 and be then to depart the afternoon of -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 to NE_city-1 to visit the headquarters of the helicopter NE_company-0 .
on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 NE_company-0 announce a -CONST--3 euro partnership deal with NE_country-0 to share development and production of a new -CONST--4 @-@ seat aircraft call the NE_aircraft-type-0 .
NE_person-0 be schedule to visit the site of the future experimental nuclear fusion NE_reactor-0 in which NE_country-0 be a partner .
on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 NE_person-0 be schedule to tour the space @-@ satellite facility of telecommunications NE_company-0 in NE_city-0 .
NE_person-0 depart on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 for NE_country-0 , the NE_country-1 and NE_country-2 .
1 of the reason for NE_person-0 's visit to the -CONST--0 year @-@ old NE_university-0 at NE_city-district-0 be to sign a partnership deal with -CONST--1 NE_country-0 university that will introduce new exchange programs and share qualification .
NE_person-0 state --
the dynamic young student represent the future of the world .
student exchange be more important than the purchase of -CONST--0 NE_aircraft-type-0 .
at present there be economic cooperation between NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 but with such programs in the future there will be cultural cooperation .
in a speech to student , professor and business leader , NE_person-0 attempt to allay anxiety in NE_continent-0 that NE_country-0 's fast @-@ grow economic power be a threat to the rest of the world .
NE_person-0 state that because NE_country-0 suffer so much from foreign invasion it understand the value of peace .
NE_person-0 state that for NE_country-0 to choose peace be logical give its history and culture .
NE_country-0 's development be not a threat but an opportunity for the world .
the NE_country-0 have express fear that NE_country-1 's low cost and poor standard of social security be attract economic activity and cause increase unemployment in NE_continent-0 but NE_person-0 argue that grow domestic demand in NE_country-2 will eventually lead to new opportunity for foreign exporter .
NE_country-0 view NE_country-1 as a strategic ally in its pursuit of a multipolar world that be not dominate by the NE_country-2 though trade relation between NE_country-3 and NE_country-4 remain low .
NE_country-0 rank -CONST--0 th among supplier to china provide only -CONST--1 ENT_percentage-entity-0 of NE_country-1 's foreign need .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( kr )
international ; technology ; military ; ENT_government-organization-0 ; business ; money
NE_company-0 win a large contract with the NE_country-0 to produce troop @-@ carry helicopter .
the goal of this multi @-@ -CONST--0 dollar project be to allow the NE_country-0 to launch its own aeronautical industry .
on -CONST--0 , -CONST--1 the NE_subsidiary-0 of the NE_continent-0 NE_group-0 defense and aeronautics group win a contract worth -CONST--2 of dollar from the NE_country-0 for troop @-@ carry helicopter .
NE_company-0 will take -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 of the project price as profit .
the cost of the contract be estimate to be -CONST--0 dollar or -CONST--1 euros .
the contract will include the production of -CONST--0 aircraft capable of carry up to -CONST--1 ton for over -CONST--2 year .
NE_company-0 will provide the technical platform for the helicopter through a large technology transfer .
the ENT_government-organization-0 of the NE_country-0 be expect to make a formal statement on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 on the korean helicopter program .
the NE_country-0 helicopter program be schedule to be finalize in -CONST--0 .
the goal of the the korean helicopter program be to allow the NE_country-0 to launch its own aeronautical industry .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( sg )
crime ; narcotic
an NE_country-0 man be charge in NE_country-1 with drug traffic .
NE_country-0 's NE_government-organization-0 say on ENT_date-entity-0 in a statement that NE_country-1 NE_person-0 be arrest on ENT_date-entity-1 after be find in possession of -CONST--0 gram of cannabis .
the statement say NE_person-0 be subsequently charge for the offence of traffic in a controlled drug .
NE_person-0 face at least -CONST--0 year ' imprisonment and a minimum -CONST--1 stroke of the cane if convict but would escape the death penalty sentence mandatory for anyone caught traffic more than -CONST--2 gram of cannabis .
the arrest of NE_person-0 come more than -CONST--0 year after the highly publicize hang of NE_country-0 NE_person-1 .
NE_person-0 be execute in ENT_date-entity-0 for try to smuggle -CONST--0 gram of heroin via NE_country-0 to NE_country-1 in ENT_date-entity-1 .
NE_person-0 's hang despite heavy lobby from the -CONST--0 ENT_government-organization-0 for NE_country-0 to show clemency trigger public outrage in NE_country-1 where capital punishment be outlaw .
NE_country-0 also apply the death sentence to other crime include murder , treason , kidnap and firearm offence .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( il ) ; NE_country-1 ( NE_country-2 NE_country-3 ( kp ) ; NE_country-4 ( ir )
international ; proliferation ; politics
NE_country-0 foreign minister visit NE_country-1 to discuss connection between NE_country-2 and NE_country-3 's nuclear programs and enforcement of NE_organization-0 resolution on NE_political-party-0 .
ENT_date-entity-0 NE_country-0 foreign minister NE_person-0 state at a meet in NE_city-0 --
NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 share concern over the connection between NE_country-2 and NE_country-3 in the pursuit of weapon of mass destruction .
NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 oppose proliferation of weapon of mass destruction and an arm race .
NE_person-0 visit NE_city-0 ENT_date-entity-0 @-@ ENT_date-entity-1 to discuss enhancement of bilateral relation with NE_country-0 prime minister NE_person-1 and foreign minister NE_person-2 .
NE_person-0 be the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 israeli foreign minister to visit NE_city-0 since relation between NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 begin in -CONST--0 .
NE_person-0 will travel to NE_city-0 next .
NE_person-0 state --
NE_country-0 support NE_country-1 's plan to send -CONST--0 troop as part of NE_organization-0 peacekeeping force to NE_country-2 later in -CONST--1 .
the NE_organization-0 arm embargo on NE_political-party-0 remain unenforced because the open NE_country-0 @-@ NE_country-1 border be be use to transfer weapon to NE_political-party-1 .
NE_law-0 end the -CONST--0 day conflict between NE_country-0 and NE_political-party-0 in -CONST--1 .
the resolution demand a full arm embargo on NE_political-party-0 in NE_country-0 and the removal of NE_political-party-1 as a fight force from southern NE_country-1 .
the NE_country-0 accuse NE_country-1 of seek a nuclear weapon .
NE_country-0 insist that nuclear program exclusively develop nuclear energy for the grow iranian population .
ENT_date-entity-0 NE_country-0 conduct its ENT_ordinal-entity-0 nuclear test .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( ph )
narcotic ; crime ; international
a NE_country-0 drug trafficker name NE_person-0 be arrest in the NE_country-1 on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 after flee from a conviction for sell ketamine ..
police state on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 that a fugitive NE_country-0 drug trafficker name NE_person-0 have be arrest in the southern NE_country-1 .
NE_person-0 have be a fugitive since -CONST--0 when he be convict for sell ketamine .
the arrest occur in the southern NE_city-0 on NE_island-0 .
police state that NE_person-0 flee to NE_city-0 to work with a local trafficker while he be a fugitive .
police also state that NE_person-0 would buy ketamine locally and export the ketamine to NE_country-0 at a marked up price .
NE_person-0 be knowledgeable in chemistry and computer technology .
NE_person-0 admit to counterfeit NE_country-0 currency .
police state NE_person-0 would be extradite to NE_country-0 .
police state that ketamine be a substance use largely in manufacture methampethamine hydrochloride or ice .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( cn )
space ; military ; politics ; international
NE_country-0 say on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 it do not want an arm race in space .
NE_country-0 do not comment on NE_country-1 prime minister NE_person-0 's claim that NE_country-2 's satellite @-@ destroy test have break international law .
NE_country-0 say on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 it do not want an arm race in space .
NE_country-0 do not comment on NE_country-1 prime minister NE_person-0 's claim that NE_country-2 's satellite @-@ destroy test have break international law .
NE_country-0 's NE_government-organization-0 refuse to react directly to NE_person-0 's comment that NE_city-0 have violate an international space treaty when it shoot down -CONST--0 of its own satellite with a missile on -CONST--1 -CONST--2 , -CONST--3 .
spokeswoman NE_person-0 say NE_country-0 have already state NE_country-1 's position .
many other country be concern about the peaceful use of outer space .
the country oppose the weaponization of space and an arm race in space .
NE_country-0 want them to make common effort to realize this goal .
NE_person-0 say to the NE_country-0 NE_government-organization-0 on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 that NE_person-1 believe NE_country-1 's test be not in compliance with basic international rule such as the NE_treaty-0 .
the -CONST--0 NE_organization-0 treaty ban weapon of mass destruction in space and say that all nation should avoid contamination of space and be hold liable for any damage cause .
the NE_country-0 be concern that debris from the NE_country-1 test could damage satellite or the manned international space station .
NE_person-0 say she be not aware of the specific information concern space debris .
NE_person-0 insist that NE_country-0 would be a force for peace and stability .
NE_person-0 say NE_country-0 have not and will not participate in an arm race with other country and will not threaten any other country .
NE_country-0 say it have the right to carry out the test after destroy the satellite .
the NE_country-0 and the then NE_country-1 be the only other nation to have carry similar test .
both stop the practice in -CONST--0 partly over concern about the debris leave in space .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( sa )
international ; money ; terrorism ; crime ; ENT_government-organization-0
-CONST--0 individual be detain in NE_country-0 on -CONST--1 -CONST--2 , -CONST--3 for suspicion of illegally collect money to fund terror @-@ related activity .
the NE_government-organization-0 of NE_country-0 state on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 that saudi arabian authority have arrest -CONST--3 people suspect of illegally collect money to fund terror @-@ related activity .
-CONST--0 saudis and a foreign resident be detain on -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 after NE_country-0 authority catch the individual undertake the suspected illegal activity in NE_province-0 in the west of the kingdom .
-CONST--0 other NE_country-0 link to the group be arrest separately in NE_province-0 and the muslim holy NE_city-0 .
oil @-@ rich NE_country-0 have be combating a wave of violence by suspect al @-@ NE_criminal-organization-0 militant since -CONST--0 -CONST--1 .
NE_country-0 be among foreign insurgent fight NE_country-1 @-@ lead force in NE_country-2 .
in early -CONST--0 -CONST--1 NE_country-0 announce the arrest of -CONST--2 suspect NE_criminal-organization-0 militant over -CONST--3 month in -CONST--4 of the largest crackdown since NE_country-1 begin battle islamist extremist .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( fr )
international ; money ; terrorism ; crime
-CONST--0 kurds from NE_country-0 be arrest near NE_city-0 on suspicion of money @-@ launder for the NE_criminal-organization-0 ) .
the NE_organization-0 and other country regard the NE_criminal-organization-0 as a terrorist organization .
NE_country-0 police state that -CONST--0 kurds from NE_country-1 be arrest near NE_city-0 on -CONST--1 -CONST--2 -CONST--3 on suspicion of money @-@ launder on behalf of the ban NE_criminal-organization-0 ) .
NE_country-0 police state the -CONST--0 men and -CONST--1 woman be be hold on suspicion of criminal association in relation with a terrorist enterprise as well as fund terrorism and organize money @-@ launder .
the -CONST--0 kurds be seize in the NE_city-0 region NE_department-0 , NE_department-1 @-@ saint @-@ denis and NE_department-2 d'oise as part of an investigation head by NE_country-0 's lead anti @-@ terrorist judge NE_person-0 .
the NE_criminal-organization-0 be regard as a terrorist organization by the NE_organization-0 , the NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 .
the arrest follow an incident in which -CONST--0 NE_country-0 kurds be detain over a suspicious cash @-@ change transaction involve -CONST--1 euros ( 260000 dollar ) .
police give no further detail of the suspect .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( id )
narcotic ; crime ; international
NE_country-0 judge sentence NE_country-1 NE_person-0 to -CONST--0 month in jail include ENT_temporal-quantity-0 serve on drug charge .
NE_person-0 be the latest NE_country-0 convict on drug charge in NE_country-1 .
NE_country-0 judge on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 sentence NE_country-1 NE_person-0 to -CONST--3 month in jail include ENT_temporal-quantity-0 serve on drug charge .
judge NE_person-0 read the verdict in court on the NE_island-0 and state NE_person-1 be guilty of drug use and not traffic .
NE_person-0 will be release the week of -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 as NE_person-1 be arrest on -CONST--3 -CONST--4 -CONST--5 and have remain in detention since the arrest .
NE_person-0 be allegedly carry -CONST--0 gram ( 0.007 ounce ) of crystal methamphetamine at the time of the arrest .
prosecutor drop traffic charge against NE_person-0 the week of -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 and state that a medical examination reveal NE_person-1 be a long @-@ time addict .
NE_person-0 be the latest NE_country-0 convict on drug charge in NE_country-1 .
-CONST--0 NE_country-0 have be sentence to death for drug traffic .
the -CONST--0 NE_country-0 be member of the NE_gang-0 convict of smuggle heroin .
the other -CONST--0 member of the NE_gang-0 be give life sentence .
NE_country-0 NE_person-0 be convict of traffic marijuana into NE_island-0 and jail for -CONST--0 year .
the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 have issue stiff penalty for drug trafficker and user with -CONST--0 other convict on death row for narcotic offenses .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( vn )
narcotic ; crime
after a -CONST--0 @-@ week trial in NE_city-0 a NE_country-0 court sentence -CONST--1 people to death and issue prison term to -CONST--2 people for run a heroin traffic ring .
possession of more than -CONST--0 gram of heroin or more than -CONST--1 kilogram of opium carry the death penalty in NE_country-0 .
a court official state that after a -CONST--0 @-@ week trial in NE_city-0 a NE_country-0 court on -CONST--1 -CONST--2 -CONST--3 sentence -CONST--4 people to death and issue prison term to -CONST--5 people for run a heroin traffic ring in -CONST--6 .
a NE_city-0 NE_government-organization-0 official state that the -CONST--0 defendant to be execute include -CONST--1 woman and be find guilty of traffic and sell approximately -CONST--2 kilogram ( 48 pound ) of heroin from province near the NE_country-0 border .
the official state that -CONST--0 people receive sentence of life in prison .
the official state that -CONST--0 defendant receive sentence between -CONST--1 and -CONST--2 year in prison .
-CONST--0 of the -CONST--1 defendant be policeman who protect the traffic ring .
the heroin traffic syndicate traffic the drug from the northwestern NE_province-0 and NE_province-1 from -CONST--0 until the arrest in -CONST--1 .
on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 -CONST--3 people be sentence to death and -CONST--4 people be sentence to life in prison for traffic -CONST--5 kilogram of heroin and other drug from NE_country-0 .
possession of more than -CONST--0 gram of heroin or more than -CONST--1 kilogram of opium carry the death penalty in communist NE_country-0 .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_continent-0 ; NE_country-0 ( gb ) ; NE_country-1 ( es )
proliferation ; international ; politics ; ENT_government-organization-0
authorize of NE_organization-0 sanction against NE_country-0 meet difficulty due to NE_country-1 's disagreement with NE_country-2 over the sovereignty of NE_territory-0 .
diplomatic source say on ENT_date-entity-0 that NE_organization-0 sanction against NE_country-0 cannot go forward due to NE_country-1 's disagreement with NE_country-2 over the sovereignty of NE_territory-0 inhibit NE_territory-1 's chief secretary from be list as -CONST--0 of the require competent authority .
the NE_organization-0 decide in ENT_date-entity-0 to ban the export of arm and nuclear and missile technology as well as luxury product in compliance with the NE_law-0 adopt after NE_city-0 carry out nuclear test in ENT_date-entity-1 .
the NE_organization-0 also introduce restriction of entry to the NE_organization-1 for individual deem to be aid NE_country-0 's programs for nuclear weapon and other weapon of mass destruction .
before the measure be apply , the legal sanction document require a list of authority , bank and other body in each member state which would supervise compliance with the sanction and freeze asset .
british spokeswoman NE_person-0 in NE_city-0 say NE_country-0 insist that NE_territory-0 's chief secretary be list as the competent authority as have do on previous occasion without NE_country-1 make any complaint .
NE_territory-0 's chief secretary act as the link between the gibraltan ENT_government-organization-0 and the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-1 and governor .
another diplomatic source , say the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 be afraid that any mention of a gibraltan authority would constitute a precedent in relation between the NE_organization-0 and NE_territory-0 and so oppose the move this time .
the ENT_government-organization-0 of NE_country-0 insist that NE_country-1 should be name in the annex to the document but not NE_territory-0 .
the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 refuse to afford any international legitimacy to NE_territory-0 .
the NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 be seek to reach a formula which would satisfy both side .
the -CONST--0 NE_organization-0 nation have thus far fail to do so .
NE_person-0 say there be some frustration with the fact that the sanction be be hold up .
NE_person-0 add that it be important to find a constructive solution applicable to this and other document in future and say that the application of other sanction also run the risk of be block .
other NE_organization-0 @-@ levy sanction include those against NE_country-0 over the iranian nuclear program .
NE_territory-0 be cede in perpetuity to NE_country-0 by NE_country-1 under the -CONST--0 NE_treaty-0 , however NE_city-0 still claim sovereignty .
gibraltarians in ENT_date-entity-0 overwhelmingly reject move by NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 to move towards joint sovereignty for NE_territory-0 's -CONST--0 inhabitant .
gibralta ris locate at NE_country-0 's southern extremity .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( fr )
international ; money ; terrorism ; crime
-CONST--0 kurds from NE_country-0 be under investigation in NE_country-1 after be arrest on suspicion of money @-@ launder for the ban NE_criminal-organization-0 ) .
-CONST--0 other kurds will go before a judge on -CONST--1 -CONST--2 -CONST--3 .
french official state on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 that -CONST--3 kurds from NE_country-0 have be place under investigation in NE_country-1 after be arrest on suspicion of money @-@ launder on behalf of the ban NE_criminal-organization-0 ) .
the kurds be seize the week of -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 as part of an investigation head by NE_country-0 's top anti @-@ terrorist judge NE_person-0 .
the -CONST--0 kurds be be investigate on suspicion of criminal association in relation with a terrorist enterprise as well as fund terrorism and organize money @-@ launder .
the NE_criminal-organization-0 be regard as a terrorist organization by the NE_organization-0 , the NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 .
-CONST--0 other kurds will go before a judge on -CONST--1 -CONST--2 -CONST--3 .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( fr )
international ; money ; terrorism ; crime
-CONST--0 kurds be under investigation in NE_country-0 on suspicion of money @-@ launder for a terrorist organization know as -CONST--1 -CONST--2 -CONST--3 ( -CONST--4 ) .
official state on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 that -CONST--3 kurds have be place under investigation in NE_country-0 after be arrest on suspicion of money @-@ launder on behalf of the ban NE_criminal-organization-0 ) .
the -CONST--0 kurds be part of a NE_ethnic-group-0 of -CONST--1 kurds seize the week of -CONST--2 -CONST--3 -CONST--4 in an investigation head by NE_country-0 's lead anti @-@ terrorist judge NE_person-0 .
the other -CONST--0 kurds be be investigate on suspicion of criminal association in relation with a terrorist enterprise as well as fund terrorism and organize money @-@ launder .
-CONST--0 of the group have be remand into custody .
most of the group be from NE_country-0 .
the NE_criminal-organization-0 be regard as a terrorist organization by the NE_organization-0 , the NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 .
-CONST--0 other kurds will go before a judge on -CONST--1 -CONST--2 -CONST--3 .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( in )
international ; money ; terrorism ; crime ; business
NE_country-0 's national security adviser warn that terrorist outfit have utilize fictitious company in stock market operation to raise fund for terrorist operation .
a terrorism expert in NE_country-0 state that stock market manipulation to raise fund be a new development .
national security adviser NE_person-0 state in a speech post online on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 that isolate instance of terrorist outfit manipulate the stock market to raise fund for terrorist operation have be report .
NE_person-0 state that stock exchange in NE_city-0 and NE_city-1 have occasionally report that fictitious or notional company be engage in stock market operation .
some of these company be later trace to terrorist outfit .
NE_person-0 call for the lift of bank secrecy and the corporate veil in terrorist @-@ related case in order to combat the finance of attack .
NE_person-0 ENT_ordinal-entity-0 make the comment at a high @-@ level gather on international security in NE_city-0 on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 .
former head of the counter @-@ terrorism wing of NE_country-0 's overseas intelligence service NE_person-0 state to NE_publication-0 on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 that dislocate or attack the stock market have be try in the past but that use stock exchange to fund attack appear to be a new development .
NE_person-0 state that this kind of stock manipulation have not come to light yet .
NE_person-0 recommend tighten regulation govern NE_country-0 's stock market to ensure that genuine company only engage in operation .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( gb )
international ; money ; terrorism ; crime
-CONST--0 men be remand to court for allegedly plot to kidnap and kill a NE_country-0 solder and post a video of the execution on the internet .
a -CONST--0 @-@ year @-@ old man accuse of plot to kidnap and kill a NE_country-0 soldier be order hold in custody on -CONST--1 -CONST--2 , -CONST--3 at a preliminary hear at NE_city-0 's NE_government-organization-0 .
on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 security source state the allege plot involve plan to kidnap and behead a NE_country-0 muslim soldier and then post a video of the execution on the internet .
police refuse to comment on the specific allegation .
NE_person-0 and -CONST--0 other defendant charge with lesser offence appear at the NE_government-organization-0 by video link from prison .
the defendant be all remand until another hear on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 .
the -CONST--0 men be among -CONST--1 men arrest in a series of raid in the NE_city-0 in west central NE_country-0 on -CONST--2 -CONST--3 , -CONST--4 .
NE_person-0 be charge with engaging in conduct to give effect to intention to kidnap and kill a member of the NE_military-0 between -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 and -CONST--3 -CONST--4 , -CONST--5 .
NE_person-0 be charge with fail to disclose information which might have be of material assistance in prevent the plot .
NE_person-0 , NE_person-1 and 3 other men name NE_man-0 , NE_man-1 and NE_man-2 be charge with 2 offence of allegedly supply equipment for terrorism and fund terrorism abroad .
none of the men have enter a plea to the charge .
a ENT_ordinal-entity-0 man arrest on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 name NE_man-0 have be charge with withhold information about a potential act of terrorism .
NE_person-0 's case be still in a lower court .
strict contempt of court law in the NE_country-0 prevent the media from report detail of the case against defendant before any trial in order to prevent the risk of seriously prejudice a jury that will hear the evidence .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 )
proliferation ; international ; politics
NE_person-0 state that he believe NE_country-0 want to move towards openness and reform despite develop nuclear weapon .
on ENT_date-entity-0 NE_country-0 president NE_person-0 state that he believe communist NE_country-1 want to move towards openness and reform despite develop nuclear weapon .
in a live broadcast news conference NE_person-0 state that NE_country-0 would give up weapon of mass destruction if NE_country-1 feel NE_country-2 's security be guarantee .
NE_person-0 state that he believe that NE_country-0 will move toward openness and reform since NE_country-1 's leader will find no other alternative but to move toward openness and reform unless NE_country-2 's leader be insane .
NE_person-0 defend the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 's decision in the past to give aid to NE_country-1 .
NE_person-0 state that the aid NE_country-0 give NE_country-1 be design to open up NE_country-2 and the aid do not help north korea develop nuclear arm .
NE_country-0 be a reclusive state .
NE_person-0 state that the reason that NE_country-0 have develop nuclear weapon be that NE_country-1 feel threat from country that do not believe NE_country-2 will ever introduce reform and openness .
NE_person-0 state that NE_country-0 develop nuclear weapon in order to stop the other side make threat and NE_country-1 want to engage in talk .
NE_person-0 be speak as a NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 delegation flew to NE_city-0 for the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 ministerial talk in -CONST--0 month .
the resumption of NE_country-0 's food aid to NE_country-1 be expect to be high on the agenda at the ministerial talk .
NE_country-0 's ENT_ordinal-entity-0 nuclear test in ENT_date-entity-0 .
NE_country-0 's ENT_ordinal-entity-0 nuclear test generate international condemnation and sanction .
NE_country-0 's ENT_ordinal-entity-0 nuclear test be follow by month of diplomacy .
after the month of diplomacy and during -CONST--0 @-@ nation talk in NE_city-0 in ENT_date-entity-0 NE_country-0 agree to dismantle NE_country-1 's nuclear program in return for economic aid and diplomatic benefit .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( ly ) ; NE_country-1 ( gb ) ; NE_country-2 ( us ) ; NE_country-3 ) ; NE_country-4 ( ir )
proliferation ; international ; politics
NE_person-0 warn that NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 's failure to compensate NE_country-2 for nuclear disarmament will deter NE_country-3 and NE_country-4 from disarm .
ENT_date-entity-0 NE_country-0 NE_person-0 state in an interview publish on the NE_company-0 website --
NE_country-0 , the NE_organization-0 and the NE_country-1 have not invest in NE_country-2 follow the country 's abandonment of its nuclear weapon program .
NE_world-region-0 country ' failure to sufficiently compensate NE_country-0 will deter NE_country-1 and NE_country-2 from disarm .
other country should emulate NE_country-0 's example but the example have be destroy because the NE_country-1 and NE_country-2 do not fulfill their promise .
NE_person-0 state --
NE_country-0 may still cooperate with NE_world-region-0 country for mutual benefit .
the lack of foreign support will not cause NE_country-0 to return to hostile pursuit .
NE_person-0 speak with the NE_company-0 from the -CONST--0 th anniversary celebration of NE_country-0 's NE_system-0 ( state of the mass ) political system in NE_city-0 .
in -CONST--0 NE_person-0 normalize NE_country-0 's relation with NE_country-1 , NE_country-2 and the NE_country-3 by pledge to abandon attempt to develop nuclear and other weapon of mass destruction .
NE_person-0 have be widely condemn by the international community in previous decade due to opposition to NE_world-region-0 country and allege support of terrorism .
NE_country-0 be face new NE_organization-0 sanction after refuse to stop enrich uranium
NE_world-region-0 country widely suspect NE_country-0 of build atomic weapon under the pretense of a program to develop civilian nuclear power .
NE_country-0 claim to have successfully test a nuclear warhead in -CONST--0 .
the international community condemn the action .
NE_country-0 have recently pledge to cease all nuclear activity but some suspect that a covert uranium program remain .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( au )
terrorism ; international ; politics
NE_country-0 's foreign minister warn of continue terrorist threat despite effort against militant .
NE_country-0 's foreign minister NE_person-0 warn ENT_date-entity-0 in open remark at a counter @-@ terrorism conference NE_city-0 that terrorist continue to find new recruit and launch attack despite the foil of some plot and the jail of militant .
NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 be co @-@ host a -CONST--0 @-@ day meet in NE_country-2 's capital attend by the foreign minister of NE_country-3 , NE_country-4 and the NE_country-5 and a senior minister from NE_country-6 .
NE_person-0 say terrorist be still at large despite terrorist plot have be foil , terrorist have be capture and prosecute and terrorist network have be disrupt .
NE_person-0 say that terrorist ' method and ability become more sophisticated even as ENT_government-organization-0 ' capacity to stop them improve .
NE_country-0 's foreign minister NE_person-0 say terrorist must not be stop at the expense of democratic principle .
NE_person-0 say terrorist must be stop without resort to repressive and undemocratic measure like the violation of human right or disregard of due process of law .
NE_person-0 add that terrorist have be evolve new strategy and tactic and thus be become an even greater threat to peace , security and progress .
NE_person-0 state there be a need for better way of deny terrorist access to weapon of mass destruction and that more effective way of deny the terrorist access to deadly weapon and especially weapon of great kill power must be devise .
NE_person-0 say that vigilance and innovative measure be key to an adequate response to the terrorist threat .
NE_person-0 hope the country at the meet could agree on cooperation to stop terrorist acquire unconventional weapon and to improve law enforcement , intelligence share and the response to attack cause mass casualty .
the NE_city-0 conference follow an earlier counter @-@ terrorism meet in NE_island-0 in ENT_date-entity-0 attend by minister from -CONST--0 NE_world-region-0 and NE_ocean-0 country .
a series of terror attack have hit NE_country-0 .
the most recent attack be a triple suicide bomb in the resort NE_island-0 in ENT_date-entity-0 that kill -CONST--0 bystander .
the worst attack hit NE_island-0 in ENT_date-entity-0 and claim -CONST--0 life .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( gb )
environment ; dissent ; proliferation ; politics
peace activist from NE_organization-0 climb a crane on the NE_river-0 outside NE_country-0 's NE_building-0 and call mps to campaign against prime minister NE_person-0 's plan to renew the uk 's nuclear deterrent .
peace activist climb a crane on the NE_river-0 outside NE_country-0 's NE_building-0 on ENT_date-entity-0 to campaign against prime minister NE_person-0 's plan to renew the uk 's nuclear deterrent .
-CONST--0 protester from NE_organization-0 clamber an estimate -CONST--1 feet up the maintenance crane moor on the river and unfurl a banner suggest NE_person-0 love weapon of mass destruction .
NE_organization-0 say in a statement that the activist scale the structure at about -CONST--0 @:@ -CONST--1 am -CONST--2 and be phone and attempt to persuade member of NE_government-organization-0 ( mp ) to vote against the ENT_government-organization-0 .
a NE_organization-0 spokesman say the -CONST--0 volunteer aim to occupy the crane until the vote take place and hope to telephone as many mps as possible urge rejection of new weapon of mass destruction .
lawmakers in the NE_country-0 NE_government-organization-0 's NE_government-organization-1 be to debate and vote on ENT_date-entity-0 whether to back NE_person-0 's controversial 38 @-@ billion @-@ dollar plan to replace the NE_country-1 @-@ build NE_system-0 missile system .
nuclear weapon be still a divisive issue in NE_political-party-0 as unilateral nuclear disarmament be once official labour policy in the ENT_date-entity-0 .
many traditionalist accuse NE_person-0 of stifle debate on the subject and claim NE_product-0 be a costly and obsolete relic of the NE_war-0 and be no long require .
deputy leader of the NE_government-organization-0 NE_person-0 resign on ENT_date-entity-0 so as to be able to vote against NE_person-1 's ENT_government-organization-0 and be join on ENT_date-entity-1 by junior NE_government-organization-1 aide NE_person-2 .
a widespread rebellion from rank @-@ and @-@ file NE_political-party-0 lawmakers be widely predict .
a NE_radio-0 poll on ENT_date-entity-0 say -CONST--0 out of the -CONST--1 NE_political-party-0 mps whom be ask express opposition to NE_person-0 's plan .
a further -CONST--0 NE_political-party-0 mps be undecided .
-CONST--0 back the proposal .
lobby NE_group-0 ( cnd ) on ENT_date-entity-0 say -CONST--0 NE_political-party-0 mps and a total of -CONST--1 mps overall have sign an amendment to the vote call for more time to discuss the issue .
NE_person-0 be not expect to lose the vote but will have to rely on the support of the main NE_political-party-0 .
the NE_political-party-0 broadly back NE_person-0 's plan for a new submarine @-@ based weapon system .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( us )
international ; politics
the NE_organization-0 adopt secretary @-@ general NE_person-0 's proposal to reform -CONST--0 NE_organization-1 core activity peacekeeping and disarmament .
the NE_organization-0 on ENT_date-entity-0 endorse NE_organization-1 secretary @-@ general NE_person-0 's proposal to reform -CONST--0 NE_organization-2 core activity peacekeeping and disarmament .
the NE_organization-0 adopt by consensus a restructure of the NE_organization-1 ( dpko ) involve a split into -CONST--0 separate entity for peacekeeping operation .
a NE_organization-0 will be task with strategy and day @-@ to @-@ day direction and management .
a NE_organization-0 will consolidate the support function of NE_organization-1 field personnel , procurement and financial management .
NE_country-0 's NE_person-0 be the current head of NE_organization-0 and will stay on as chief of the future NE_organization-1 .
the NE_organization-0 also approve NE_person-0 's plan to establish an NE_organization-1 the current NE_organization-2 .
the secretary general have dismiss suggestion that turn the NE_organization-0 into an office signify de @-@ emphasis and say the office would instead report directly to the NE_organization-1 secretary @-@ general and would ensure access and more frequent interaction .
develop country have criticize the larger power on disarmament and specifically for fail to reduce nuclear arsenal while insist on non @-@ proliferation of all weapon of mass destruction .
NE_person-0 announce plan soon after take office on ENT_date-entity-0 to reform the NE_organization-0 's sprawl peacekeeping operation and tighten control over disarmament matter .
the peacekeeping and disarmament reform be strongly back by NE_world-region-0 country and face initial resistance from develop country .
this resistance prompt NE_person-0 to launch a process of consultation with the NE_organization-0 to explain the idea for reform .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ) ; NE_country-1 ( gb ) ; NE_country-2 ( ch ) ; NE_country-3 ( fr ) ; NE_country-4 ( ru ) ; NE_country-5 ( us ) ; NE_country-6 ( de ) ; NE_country-7 ( qa ) ; NE_country-8 ( id ) ; NE_country-9 ( za ) ; NE_country-10 ( gh ) ; NE_country-11 ) ; NE_country-12 ( pe ) ; NE_country-13 ( pa ) ; NE_country-14 ( be ) ; NE_country-15 ( it ) ; NE_country-16 ( sk )
international ; weapon ; proliferation ; economy
the NE_organization-0 have be hold frantic talk to try to reach consensus on a draft text broaden NE_organization-1 sanction against NE_country-0 .
the NE_organization-0 on ENT_date-entity-0 be hold frantic talk to try to reach consensus on a draft text broaden NE_organization-1 sanction against NE_country-0 .
NE_country-0 delegate be offer compromise language on an amendment call for a nuclear @-@ free NE_world-region-0 .
the -CONST--0 NE_organization-0 member meet behind close door early ENT_date-entity-0 to put the finish touch to a amend text submit ENT_date-entity-1 by the text 's -CONST--1 sponsor NE_country-0 , NE_country-1 and NE_country-2 .
they be to meet again later ENT_date-entity-0 to consider an amendment request by NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 for insertion of a paragraph into the draft on the goal of establish a NE_world-region-0 free from weapon of mass destruction and all missile for their delivery .
diplomat say the NE_country-0 be oppose to the inclusion of this paragraph .
the NE_country-0 delegation offer compromise language state that a solution to the NE_country-1 nuclear issue would contribute to global non @-@ proliferation effort as well as those in the NE_world-region-0 .
NE_country-0 's NE_organization-0 ambassador NE_person-0 say the NE_organization-1 would discuss some amendment raise by NE_country-1 , NE_country-2 and NE_country-3 and express hope that a consensus could be reach .
NE_person-0 stress that the meet on the afternoon of ENT_date-entity-0 would be very important .
the NE_organization-0 member have by late on ENT_date-entity-0 fine @-@ tune minor change make to the text agree ENT_date-entity-1 @-@ ENT_date-entity-2 by NE_country-0 with the 5 veto @-@ wield permanent council member NE_country-1 , NE_country-2 , NE_country-3 , NE_country-4 and the NE_country-5 .
NE_country-0 express disappointment that its suggestion be reject for a -CONST--0 @-@ day suspension of NE_organization-0 sanction to allow political negotiation with the NE_country-1 ENT_government-organization-0 to remove the weapon ban and other financial sanction .
the draft resolution under consideration would ban the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 from export arm and call for voluntary trade sanction as well as expand a list of official and company targeted for financial and travel restriction .
a vote be expect on ENT_date-entity-0 .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( id )
international ; weapon ; proliferation ; energy ; economy
an indonesian official say NE_country-0 agree to further NE_organization-0 sanction against NE_country-1 over the dispute atomic program because the sanction promote the goal of a nuclear weapon @-@ free NE_world-region-0 .
NE_country-0 's foreign minister NE_person-0 say on ENT_date-entity-0 that muslim @-@ NE_country-1 agree to further NE_organization-0 sanction against NE_country-2 over the iranian ENT_government-organization-0 's dispute atomic program because the sanction promote the goal of a nuclear weapon @-@ free NE_world-region-0 .
NE_person-0 say the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 be support implementation of a nuclear weapon @-@ free zone in the NE_world-region-0 and point out that NE_country-1 be the only country in the NE_world-region-1 which possess nuclear weapon .
a clause which emphasize that resolve the NE_country-0 nuclear issue would help to realize the objective of a NE_world-region-0 free of weapon of mass destruction be include in the sanction resolution at the request of NE_country-1 and NE_country-2 .
some commentator have criticize NE_country-0 for back the sanction because such a stance could diminish NE_country-1 's stand among muslim nation .
NE_person-0 say the proposition introduce in the NE_organization-0 resolution for a nuclear weapon @-@ free zone in the NE_world-region-0 be support by NE_language-0 country .
the resolution be pass unanimously on ENT_date-entity-0 after day of hard bargain by the NE_organization-0 's -CONST--0 member .
NE_country-0 currently hold -CONST--0 of the council 's rotate seat .
the sanction block all iranian arm export and freeze the overseas asset of -CONST--0 additional official and institution link to NE_country-0 's nuclear and ballistic missile programs and restrict financial aid or loan to the iranian government while set a new -CONST--1 @-@ day deadline for the iranian ENT_government-organization-0 to comply with NE_organization-0 demand or face further appropriate measure .
the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 react angrily and express intent to restrict cooperation with the NE_organization-0 nuclear watchdog NE_organization-1 in retaliation .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( jp )
international ; ENT_government-organization-0 ; weapon ; proliferation ; war and conflict ; military
NE_country-0 on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 deploy troop to NE_country-1 to monitor NE_country-2 's ceasefire .
this be the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 military mission since NE_country-0 create a full @-@ fledge NE_government-organization-0 .
NE_country-0 on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 deploy troop to NE_country-1 to monitor NE_country-2 's ceasefire .
this be the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 military mission since NE_country-0 create a full @-@ fledge NE_government-organization-0 .
officially NE_country-0 be a pacifist nation .
a NE_government-organization-0 official say that prime minister NE_person-0 's cabinet decide at a meet to dispatch -CONST--0 soldier to NE_country-0 to observe arm control for -CONST--1 year .
NE_country-0 will help monitor weapon and soldier under the peace accord that end NE_country-1 's decade @-@ long maoist insurgency .
NE_country-0 be in the NE_world-region-0 .
NE_country-0 be a major donor to NE_country-1 .
NE_country-0 be force by the NE_country-1 to renounce its right to arm force after NE_war-0 and have be slowly expand its military operation overseas .
NE_country-0 create a full @-@ fledge NE_government-organization-0 in -CONST--0 -CONST--1 for the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 time since -CONST--2 .
NE_country-0 upgrade the former NE_government-organization-0 which be lower in rank than cabinet @-@ level ministry .
NE_person-0 's conservative ENT_government-organization-0 also list overseas peacekeeping activity as a mission for NE_country-0 's military because of the change .
they be know as the self @-@ defense NE_military-0 .
deployment abroad have be previously consider extraordinary and lead the ENT_government-organization-0 to seek NE_government-organization-0 approval .
defense minister NE_person-0 tell reporter that this be the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 time NE_country-0 will deploy the NE_military-0 abroad since peacekeeping became -CONST--0 of the main mission for the troop .
NE_person-0 say that NE_country-0 have to pay careful attention to the security .
NE_country-0 send -CONST--0 troop in its most prominent deployment to NE_country-1 on a reconstruction mission .
the soldier return last year without suffer any casualty or fire a shot .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( kp )
proliferation ; international ; politics ; business
the NE_organization-0 adopt sanction against NE_country-0 on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 that put NE_country-1 in line with a NE_organization-1 resolution .
it be pass after NE_country-0 announce a nuclear test .
the NE_organization-0 adopt sanction against NE_country-0 on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 that put NE_country-1 in line with a NE_organization-1 resolution .
the resolution be pass after NE_country-0 announce a nuclear test .
the sanction include a ban on the sale or export of all material that could be use in NE_country-0 's nuclear and ballistic missile programs or in the manufacture of weapon of mass destruction .
the NE_organization-0 froze the asset abroad of some NE_country-0 official .
the NE_organization-0 ban export to the country of luxury goods like caviar , truffle , high @-@ quality wine and perfume and pure breed horse .
the bloc support NE_law-0 in -CONST--0 .
the application of sanction require a formal NE_organization-0 decision .
the decision be delay by an argument between NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 concern the method in which NE_territory-0 would implement the measure .
the resolution be pass after the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 announce that ENT_government-organization-1 have perform its ENT_ordinal-entity-0 nuclear weapon test on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 .
the announcement trigger world @-@ wide outrage .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( ke )
international ; weapon ; proliferation ; crime ; terrorism
illegal arm traffic increase in NE_country-0 due to easy availability and neighboring conflict .
ENT_government-organization-0 initiative to disarm have be ineffective .
illegal arm traffic have increase in NE_country-0 and raise concern about security .
NE_person-0 of NE_organization-0 state that there be approximately -CONST--0 illegal arm in circulation in NE_country-0 among the most vulnerable and marginalized group .
illegal weapon be easily procure in urban open @-@ air market despite a ENT_government-organization-0 initiative launch in -CONST--0 to curb the availability of arm .
NE_country-0 security minister NE_person-0 recently state at a ceremony burn -CONST--0 illegal arm seize in -CONST--1 to prevent the spread of firearm --
firearm fuel the illegal exploitation of natural resource and abet terrorism and other crime .
the easy affordability and accessibility of arm reduce incentive to pursue non @-@ violent solution to conflict and initiate a spiral of insecurity .
police state that conflict along NE_country-0 's border have increase the number of weapon in the area .
conflict include a -CONST--0 @-@ year insurgency in NE_country-0 , anarchy in NE_country-1 since -CONST--1 and the former civil war in NE_country-2 .
police spokesman NE_person-0 state --
NE_country-0 have always experience serious arm traffic but the free sale of arm in NE_country-1 present an additional problem .
weapon smuggle have increase since ENT_date-entity-0 when NE_country-0 @-@ somali troop eradicate an islamist movement from south and central NE_country-1 .
NE_city-0 experience chaos and arm control at the border with NE_country-0 become a low @-@ priority issue .
NE_country-0 have participate since -CONST--0 in a regional treaty to control and reduce the number of illegal arm in the NE_world-region-0 and NE_world-region-1 but have achieve limit success in disarmament .
NE_person-0 state --
the impact of ENT_government-organization-0 disarmament programs have not yet be apparent .
force disarmament process have never be successful because it fail to address the impetus of the demand : competition for natural resource and a lack of ENT_government-organization-0 security force .
pastoral community in northern NE_country-0 frequently resolve tribal conflict concern water and land access by gun battle .
community consider gun a mean of self @-@ protection and protection of the community 's livelihood .
gun control NE_activist-0 state that increase economic inequity in NE_country-0 be a catalyst for violence .
-CONST--0 @/@ -CONST--1 of the population subsist on under -CONST--2 dollar per day .
the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 have increase promise to augment security measure before president NE_person-0 contend for re @-@ election in ENT_date-entity-0 .
the NE_country-0 issue a travel advisory to NE_country-1 citizen warn of increase incident of violent crime after -CONST--0 americans be shoot and kill in NE_country-2 in ENT_date-entity-0 .
NE_country-0 have struggle to overcome a reputation of high crime rate and frequent terrorist threat after the country experience deadly terrorist attack in -CONST--0 and -CONST--1 , ongoing tribal conflict and a crime wave that kill -CONST--2 in ENT_date-entity-0 .
NE_country-0 be previously consider relatively stable compare to surround country in the NE_world-region-0 and NE_world-region-1 ridden with regional conflict .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( th )
weapon ; military
NE_country-0 's NE_government-organization-0 have decide to develop and produce rocket and missile .
NE_magazine-0 report on ENT_date-entity-0 that the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 have decide to develop and produce rocket and missile in a radical shift towards build an indigenous defense industry .
NE_magazine-0 say the program would lift NE_country-0 beyond the current capacity for produce explosive , ammunition and small arm under licence as well as modernize and repair aircraft and armored vehicle .
the NE_country-0 arm force do not currently have any surface @-@ to @-@ surface missile in their inventory .
NE_magazine-0 cite an internal thai NE_government-organization-0 document which say NE_country-0 will start by develop a multiple @-@ launch rocket ( mlr ) with a range of -CONST--0 kilometers ( 48 mile ) .
NE_magazine-0 say there be already a project underway to develop a -CONST--0 millimeter mlr with a -CONST--1 @-@ kilometer range and that other project include a strategic rocket with turbojet engine guide by NE_product-0 and NE_product-1 .
the NE_country-0 ministry document say fund pressure on the defense budget and encouragement by unspecified sector for greater self @-@ sufficiency be drive the new program .
such a rocket be significant because of the implication of effort to develop a surface @-@ to @-@ surface missile with a range at the upper limit of the NE_organization-0 ( mtcr ) .
the NE_group-0 be a global disarmament group involve the NE_country-0 and -CONST--0 other member and be establish in ENT_date-entity-0 to control export of missile which can deliver weapon of mass destruction .
NE_country-0 's king NE_person-0 enjoy strong support from the arm force which overthrew the thai ENT_government-organization-0 in a bloodless coup in ENT_date-entity-0 and have call for a sufficiency economy .
NE_magazine-0 add that the new research and development program be launch before the coup but gain formal approval upon submission to the country 's NE_government-organization-0 about -CONST--0 ENT_temporal-quantity-0 afterwards .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( ir ) ; NE_country-1 ( be ) ; NE_country-2 ( jo )
international ; politics ; proliferation ; weapon
NE_organization-0 atomic energy chief NE_person-0 urge ENT_government-organization-0 of NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 to join nuclear @-@ free zone in the NE_world-region-0 .
NE_person-0 state that a NE_world-region-0 peace deal can only be reach in parallel with a security agreement based on eradicate all weapon of mass destruction from the region .
accord to the ENT_government-organization-0 of jordan NE_organization-0 atomic energy chief NE_person-0 speak on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 after talk in NE_country-0 's king NE_person-1 urge NE_country-1 and NE_country-2 to join a nuclear @-@ free zone in the NE_world-region-0 .
NE_person-0 be the NE_organization-0 chief .
accord to a statement issue by the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 NE_person-0 state that ultimately the NE_world-region-0 should be a zone free of weapon of mass destruction .
NE_person-0 state that this zone include NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 .
NE_person-0 state that this be the last chance to build security in the NE_world-region-0 based on trust and cooperation and not on possession of nuclear weapon .
NE_person-0 be quote as say that a peace deal between NE_country-0 NE_ethnic-group-0 neighbors must be reach in parallel with a security agreement based on eradicate all weapon of mass destruction from the region .
NE_person-0 state that NE_ethnic-group-0 country have join the NE_treaty-0 while NE_country-0 have not .
NE_country-0 be the only nuclear power in the region despite the program be undeclared .
NE_country-0 possess an arsenal of approximately -CONST--0 warhead .
NE_country-0 's enemy NE_country-1 be suspect by NE_continent-0 and NE_continent-1 of use a nuclear energy program to develop atomic weapon .
the ENT_government-organization-0 of NE_country-0 strongly deny this allegation .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( in ) ; NE_country-1 ) ; korea , democratic people 's republic of ( kp )
international ; ENT_government-organization-0 ; weapon ; politics ; proliferation ; energy
NE_country-0 have ban all direct and indirect export and import of material , goods and technology to NE_country-1 and NE_country-2 that could aid in those country ' suspect nuclear programs .
on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 indian commerce minister NE_person-0 unveil NE_country-0 's foreign trade policy which state --
NE_country-0 have ban all import and export of product to NE_country-1 and NE_country-2 that could aid in -CONST--0 's suspect nuclear programs .
the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 have prohibit direct and indirect export and import of material , goods and technology that could contribute to NE_country-1 's nuclear @-@ relate , ballistic missile @-@ related or other weapon of mass destruction @-@ related programs .
the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 have prohibit direct or indirect export and import of all item , material , goods and technology that could contribute to NE_country-1 's enrichment @-@ related , reprocessing or heavy water @-@ related activity .
NE_country-0 have prohibit direct or indirect export and import of all item , material , goods and technology that could contribute to NE_country-1 's nuclear weapon delivery system .
NE_country-0 maintain diplomatic relation with NE_country-1 .
NE_country-0 incur international isolation after perform nuclear test in -CONST--0 .
NE_country-0 be energy @-@ hungry .
NE_country-0 be negotiate a civilian nuclear energy deal with the NE_country-1 .
the civilian energy deal will give NE_country-0 access to previously forbid technology .
NE_country-0 have repeatedly request talk to resolve the disagreement over NE_country-1 's suspect nuclear ambition .
the NE_agency-0 news agency report that NE_country-0 's ban on trade with NE_country-1 and NE_country-2 be in compliance with NE_organization-0 resolution .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( eg )
international ; crime ; money ; terrorism ; ENT_government-organization-0 ; military
member of NE_country-0 's NE_organization-0 on trial in egyptian military court include high @-@ rank businessman thought to fund the organization .
defense lawyer boycott the close @-@ door session argue that they have not be make aware of the trial date .
a judicial source state that approximately -CONST--0 member of NE_country-0 's opposition movement NE_organization-0 go on trial at a military court on -CONST--1 -CONST--2 -CONST--3 charge with belong to a banned organization and fund terrorism .
defense lawyer boycott the close @-@ door session argue that they have not be make aware of the date of the tribunal .
family member be initially ban from the proceeding but be eventually permit entrance .
family member state that the defendant remain silent during proceeding because their counsel be not present .
journalist , family member and diplomatic observer have be allow into the courtroom for past military trial of islamists .
the courtroom be at a military base in the desert outside NE_city-0 .
the session on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 be approximately -CONST--3 hour in duration and be adjourn until -CONST--4 -CONST--5 -CONST--6 .
defendant include NE_person-0 number -CONST--0 in the hierarchy of the NE_organization-0 .
as part of the ENT_government-organization-0 's repression of NE_country-0 's largest opposition NE_bloc-0 NE_person-0 be arrest in -CONST--0 -CONST--1 follow a university demonstration in which mask pro @-@ -CONST--2 student stage a military @-@ style parade on the campus of NE_university-0 in the capital NE_city-0 .
NE_person-0 and other businessmen link to the group have their asset freeze and be referred to a military court in -CONST--0 -CONST--1 .
the targeting of NE_person-0 and other businessmen associate with the movement have be consider an attempt to disable the organization financially .
NE_country-0 authority accuse the movement of seek to reactivate its underground military wing with the aim of eventually overthrow the regime .
the muslin NE_organization-0 control a -CONST--0 of the seat in NE_government-organization-0 .
the ENT_government-organization-0 of NE_country-0 begin use military court to try member of the NE_organization-0 and other NE_religious-group-0 group in the -CONST--0 s when they be not be convict by civilian court .
under a law pass by NE_government-organization-0 last week the verdict of military court can now be appeal .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( at )
proliferation ; international ; politics
a conference of the NE_treaty-0 ) will begin on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 in NE_city-0 .
expert state the preparatory session can not change the treaty but be expect to focus on problem in fight proliferation and in get the -CONST--0 original nuclear weapon state to fulfill the NE_treaty-0 commitment to disarm .
a conference on the world 's NE_treaty-0 ) against the spread of nuclear weapon open on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 in NE_city-0 .
the meet will take place through -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 and be the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 of a series of NE_organization-0 session ahead of the next overall review in -CONST--3 .
the NE_treaty-0 go into effect at the height of the NE_war-0 in -CONST--0 and be extend indefinitely in -CONST--1 .
the NE_treaty-0 have -CONST--0 signatory state and be a deal in which nuclear weapon state agree to disarm while nation without the -CONST--1 agree not to seek the bomb .
the NE_treaty-0 be review every -CONST--0 year .
the meet in -CONST--0 -CONST--1 fail to resolve any key question due to an agenda disagreement between non @-@ align country and nuclear power .
the NE_treaty-0 conference occur as --
the crisis over NE_country-0 's atomic program escalate though NE_country-1 have not yet produce atomic bomb .
a deal to dismantle NE_country-0 's nuclear program which have produce atomic bomb have stall .
a NE_country-0 strategy to use pre @-@ emptive force if judged necessary and britian 's nuclear arsenal upgrade threaten the NE_treaty-0 .
expert state the NE_treaty-0 be ill adapt to the modern era in which so @-@ call rogue state seek to acquire a nuclear weapon capacity by 1 st develop peaceful programs under the term of the treaty .
expert state that fix should include tougher NE_organization-0 inspection and automatic penalty for country who drop out of the treaty .
the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 withdraw from the NE_treaty-0 in -CONST--0 after expel NE_organization-0 inspector .
the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 test an atomic bomb in -CONST--0 -CONST--1 .
the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 justify nuclear work under article -CONST--0 of the NE_treaty-0 the inalienable right to develop research , production and use of nuclear energy for peaceful purpose .
NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 state that the NE_country-1 ENT_government-organization-1 use article -CONST--0 as a cover for the secret development of nuclear weapon which the treaty ban .
non @-@ proliferation analyst at the NE_organization-0 in NE_city-0 NE_person-0 state the NE_treaty-0 be the most effective treaty in history and referred to the fact that prediction make in the -CONST--0 s that there would soon be -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2 nuclear weapon state have not come to pass .
there be believe to be -CONST--0 nuclear weapon state .
the state be the 5 allow under the NE_treaty-0 , NE_country-0 , NE_country-1 , NE_country-2 , NE_country-3 and the NE_country-4 .
the state also include NE_country-0 from the treaty and -CONST--0 nuclear state include NE_country-1 , NE_country-2 and NE_country-3 which have refuse to sign the NE_treaty-0 .
diplomat and expert state the preparatory session can not change the -CONST--0 but be expect to focus on problem in fight proliferation and in get the -CONST--1 original nuclear weapon state to fulfill the NE_treaty-0 commitment to disarm which be a focus of non @-@ align state .
nuclear and disarmement NE_person-0 write the week of -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 on johnson 's NE_organization-0 website that the risk of nuclear proliferation be too grave for the international community to shirk responsibility and that the NE_treaty-0 have already begin to unravel .
NE_person-0 of the non @-@ ENT_government-organization-0 the NE_organization-0 ( ican ) state to NE_publication-0 that the meet could build towards a successful -CONST--0 NE_conference-0 but progress must occur on both non @-@ proliferation and disarmament .
a diplomat in NE_city-0 who closely follow the non @-@ proliferation regime state that expectation be be lower for a successful outcome to the NE_organization-0 given the inauspicious international development and the grow detritus of arm control agreement cast aside .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( af )
war and conflict ; narcotic ; international
NE_military-0 @-@ lead and NE_country-0 troop initiate NE_operation-0 on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 to clear the NE_criminal-organization-0 from the NE_valley-0 .
NE_valley-0 be locate in NE_country-0 's premier opium produce NE_province-0 and be say to be home to some NE_criminal-organization-0 leader .
a spokesman for the NE_country-0 deployment to NE_country-1 state to NE_publication-0 that approximately -CONST--0 NE_military-0 @-@ lead and afghan troop initiate NE_operation-0 on -CONST--1 -CONST--2 -CONST--3 to clear the NE_criminal-organization-0 from the NE_valley-0 in NE_country-2 's premier opium produce NE_province-0 .
NE_operation-0 fall under NE_operation-1 .
NE_operation-0 be NE_military-0 's NE_military-1 's ( isaf ) biggest campaign against the NE_criminal-organization-0 , foreign fighter and drug baron and begin in NE_province-0 on approximately -CONST--0 february -CONST--1 .
NE_event-0 involve about -CONST--0 soldier from country include NE_country-0 , NE_country-1 , the NE_country-2 and the NE_country-3 as well as -CONST--1 NE_country-4 .
most of NE_country-0 's more than -CONST--0 troop with NE_organization-0 be based in NE_province-0 .
NE_city-0 be -CONST--0 kilometers ( 40 mile ) northeast of provincial capital NE_city-1 and have be the site of regular clash with NE_criminal-organization-0 fighter say to have join force with drug baron in NE_province-0 .
NE_city-0 produce about -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 of the opium from NE_country-0 which supply more than -CONST--1 ENT_percentage-entity-1 of the world 's illegal opium .
NE_city-0 be say to be home to some NE_criminal-organization-0 leader include the NE_criminal-organization-1 's military operation commander for the south NE_person-0 .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( it )
narcotic ; crime ; ENT_government-organization-0
-CONST--0 municipal board candidate of NE_city-0 , sicilian be arrest for suspect drug traffic .
-CONST--0 suspect be detain in total in NE_city-0 and NE_city-1 as part of a drug traffic investigation .
NE_city-0 police say -CONST--0 municipal board candidate in the sicilian NE_town-0 be arrest on ENT_date-entity-0 for suspect drug traffic .
the -CONST--0 arrest candidate be NE_person-0 of the NE_political-party-0 and NE_person-1 from NE_person-2 's NE_political-party-1 .
-CONST--0 suspect be detain in total in NE_city-0 and NE_city-1 as part of an investigation into cocaine and hashish traffic .
NE_agency-0 news agency report that those arrest be accuse of be involve with a criminal organization with the aim of drug traffic .
municipal election be schedule for ENT_date-entity-0 and ENT_date-entity-1 in NE_city-0 .
NE_city-0 be about -CONST--0 mile south of the sicilian capital NE_city-1 .
NE_city-0 be the birthplace of major NE_criminal-organization-0 boss .
NE_criminal-organization-0 boss NE_person-0 die in ENT_date-entity-0 .
NE_criminal-organization-0 boss NE_person-0 be arrest in ENT_date-entity-0 and nickname -CONST--0 .
NE_criminal-organization-0 boss NE_person-0 be arrest in ENT_date-entity-0 after -CONST--0 year on the run .
the central crime family in NE_person-0 's seminal NE_book-0 be name after the town .
in ENT_date-entity-0 NE_city-0 police chief NE_person-0 tell the ENT_temporal-quantity-0 NE_newspaper-0 that NE_city-1 be no long the stronghold of so @-@ call godfather .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( au )
international ; telecom ; technology ; crime ; money ; ENT_government-organization-0 ; terrorism
NE_country-0 reveal that -CONST--0 australian dollar have be budget for anti @-@ terror measure , include protection against cyber attack .
the australian ENT_government-organization-0 reveal in the budget on -CONST--0 , -CONST--1 that NE_country-0 be to spend -CONST--2 of dollar to safeguard the country against terrorism .
NE_person-0 state that the measure announce in the budget will help create a secure and trust operate environment that will benefit all NE_country-0 .
some of these dollar will be use for drill to test NE_country-0 's response to cyber attack .
treasurer NE_person-0 set aside -CONST--0 australian dollar or 582 million NE_country-0 dollar for national security initiative as NE_country-1 prepare for possible reprisal in the war in NE_country-2 as an ally of the NE_country-3 .
some of these dollar will be use for high priority intelligence need , electronic and internet security and further strengthen of aviation security .
these dollar increase NE_country-0 's total additional spend commitment to national security for the -CONST--0 year to -CONST--1 @-@ 11 to -CONST--2 dollar .
the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 will spend -CONST--0 dollar over the next -CONST--1 year to lift electronic safety for government , business and home computer user to ward off any possible electronic or cyber attack .
the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 will also boost fund to the NE_government-organization-0 to fund preventative detention of terror suspect and to expand counter @-@ terror team .
part of a -CONST--0 dollar allocation will go towards construct secure facility for counter @-@ terrorist ENT_ordinal-entity-0 response unit at -CONST--1 major airport and some court building across NE_country-0 .
attorney general NE_person-0 state that cyber attack threaten the privacy and security of NE_country-0 online and the reliable delivery of service by both business and ENT_government-organization-0 .
NE_person-0 state that there have be an increase in recent year in the frequency and sophistication of attack on information technology system as -CONST--0 more NE_country-0 use the internet and other electronic communication .
this increase in attack be the reason why the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 be plan exercise to improve the capacity to manage cyber attack .
NE_person-0 also state that it be imperative that NE_country-0 remain -CONST--0 step ahead of emerge e @-@ threat .
the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 be examine the development of a business center to allow information technology security information to be share quickly between the ENT_government-organization-1 and operator of critical infrastructure .
at least -CONST--0 people be currently face terrorism @-@ related charge .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( ee )
international ; ENT_government-organization-0 ; telecom ; technology
NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 server experience a cyber attack in -CONST--0 -CONST--1 after a disagreement with NE_country-1 official .
NE_country-0 official plan to discuss the handle of cyber attack at a meet of member state of NE_military-0 and the NE_organization-0 .
NE_country-0 defense minister NE_person-0 state on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 that NE_country-1 official will raise the handle of cyber attack with NE_organization-0 defense minister at a meet in NE_city-0 on -CONST--3 -CONST--4 -CONST--5 .
NE_person-0 state NE_country-0 official will also require a discussion with NE_military-0 member country about how to handle malicious attack against state websites .
the meet will occur between partner member state of the NE_military-0 alliance and NE_organization-0 .
NE_person-0 state it be consider an attack against the whole of NE_military-0 alliance come to help if the port of a NE_military-1 member country be under attack .
NE_country-0 prime minister NE_person-0 state in early -CONST--0 -CONST--1 that attack have be launch against NE_country-1 ENT_government-organization-0 server which force a temporary shut @-@ down of the server .
the attack occur after a disagreement with NE_country-0 official over the removal of a NE_country-1 war memorial from central NE_city-0 .
NE_person-0 state that some of the cyber @-@ attack have come from computer in the office of NE_country-0 president NE_person-1 .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( ee )
international ; business ; telecom ; technology ; crime
NE_country-0 NE_bank-0 's website be temporarily shut down follow a cyber attack .
the attack occur after NE_country-0 authority relocate a monument to NE_country-1 soldier .
an official state that on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 NE_country-0 's ENT_ordinal-entity-0 @-@ biggest bank , NE_country-1 @-@ own NE_bank-0 , block access from abroad to NE_bank-1 's online bank service after a cyber attack .
head of communication at NE_bank-0 NE_person-0 state massive attack be launch at -CONST--0 @:@ -CONST--1 pm against the internet bank which block access to the NE_bank-1 website .
NE_person-0 state the attack on NE_bank-0 's internet bank service have attempt to overload the website with various request so that normal access would fail .
NE_person-0 state access be restore at 2 @:@ -CONST--0 pm ( 1100 -CONST--1 ) for user in NE_country-0 but access from computer locate outside NE_country-1 will continue to be restrict for security reason .
NE_person-0 state that the security of customer account be not compromise in the attack .
NE_person-0 state the cyber attack be the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 to target the NE_group-0 since a series of similar assault be launch in -CONST--0 -CONST--1 against the websites of NE_country-0 state institution .
NE_country-0 official state that some of the cyber attack that cause NE_country-1 ENT_government-organization-0 websites to shut down temporarily come from computer in the administration of NE_country-2 include in the office of president NE_person-0 .
the cyber attack be launch after NE_country-0 authority move a monument to NE_country-1 soldier who fought fascism in NE_war-0 from a city block in central NE_city-0 to a military cemetery in a neighborhood of the -CONST--0 .
the removal of the monument cause disapproval from official in NE_city-0 and riot in NE_city-1 by member of the large ethnic NE_country-0 minority that comprise approximately -CONST--0 @/@ -CONST--1 th of the NE_world-region-0 republic 's population of -CONST--2 people .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( ee ) ; NE_continent-0 ; NE_country-1 ( ru )
international ; ENT_government-organization-0 ; telecom ; technology
ENT_government-organization-0 of NE_country-0 reject NE_organization-0 agency criticism of ENT_government-organization-1 handle of recent cyber attack .
NE_country-0 official defend restriction of access to various state websites as inevitable and call criticism ignorant of the extent of the attack .
on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 the ENT_government-organization-0 of NE_country-0 reject NE_organization-0 criticism of ENT_government-organization-1 handle of recent cyber attack .
NE_country-0 have experience a series of cyber attack since the end of -CONST--0 -CONST--1 that have force it to restrict access to many state websites .
NE_country-0 be a NE_world-region-0 state member of the NE_organization-0 .
NE_person-0 be head of NE_country-0 's NE_government-organization-0 cert .
NE_person-0 be respond to comment make by NE_person-1 .
NE_person-0 be head of the NE_organization-0 agency that promote a share network of environmental data .
NE_person-0 state that NE_person-1 's assertion that NE_country-0 should have employ basic procedure such as firewalls to defend from cyber attack demonstrate ignorance of the extent of the cyber assault on NE_country-1 .
NE_person-0 state to the NE_publication-0 by phone on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 that if the solution have be as simple as use elementary firewalls that NE_country-0 would have do it .
at a press conference in NE_city-0 NE_person-0 have state that the NE_organization-0 agency she head firmly believe that to react to cyber attack by close system down be unsound .
NE_country-0 begin bar access to key ENT_government-organization-0 and some private websites -CONST--0 week ago after the onset of a series of cyber attack against NE_country-1 .
many of the attack originate abroad .
the cyber attack be trigger by NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 authority ' decision to remove a NE_country-1 war memorial from central NE_city-0 .
this decision anger NE_country-0 and the large ethnic russian minority in NE_country-1 .
official in NE_country-0 include prime minister NE_person-0 have claim that some of the cyber attack come from NE_country-1 ENT_government-organization-0 computer include computer in the office of NE_country-2 president NE_person-1 .
NE_person-0 state to NE_publication-0 --
critic of NE_country-0 's response may not be aware that traffic on some estonian site be increase by -CONST--0 .
impose temporary restriction on internet traffic from abroad be inevitable .
NE_person-0 's comment on the NE_country-0 response be make in NE_city-0 ahead of a NE_organization-0 conference on global access to information technology .
NE_person-0 state that attack on state and private websites should be handle in a systematic way instead of by restrict access .
NE_person-0 state that there be technology that the NE_organization-0 agency deploy in an effort to avoid restrict access to ENT_government-organization-0 websites .
the NE_organization-0 agency will be in contact with the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 to advise on possible defense measure .
NE_country-0 be a world pioneer in it solution .
NE_country-0 rank higher than the -CONST--0 older NE_organization-0 member and just behind the NE_country-1 on a NE_organization-1 list of country that be advance in prepare for a knowledge @-@ based society .
NE_person-0 state --
access to critical websites be never restrict .
NE_country-0 be prepare to keep critical websites accessible in any situation but that during a massive cyber attack some websites like that of the NE_government-organization-0 be of a lower priority to keep accessible to visitor from abroad .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( ee ) ; NE_country-1 ( ru )
international ; telecom ; technology ; crime ; ENT_government-organization-0
NE_organization-0 member respond to cyber attack on NE_country-0 websites by call on NE_country-1 official to assist investigation into the attack .
the attack be believe to have come from NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 ip address in response to the relocation of a NE_country-1 statue in NE_country-2 .
NE_organization-0 member on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 call on NE_country-0 official to assist investigation into cyber attack against NE_country-1 websites .
NE_country-0 official begin bar access to ENT_government-organization-0 and some private websites on approximately -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 after a series of attack .
the cyber attack be trigger by estonian authority ' decision to remove a NE_country-0 war memorial from central NE_city-0 which anger NE_country-1 official and the large ethnic NE_country-2 minority in NE_country-3 .
the NE_organization-0 resolution state the attack have frequently originate from abroad and have come from NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 ip address .
the resolution call on the NE_organization-0 and NE_organization-1 member state to assist in analyzing the attack and to investigate how attack can be prevent in the future .
NE_organization-0 member also condemn attempt by NE_country-0 official to exert economic pressure on NE_country-1 ENT_government-organization-0 .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( kr )
military ; technology
NE_country-0 launch its ENT_ordinal-entity-0 NE_destroyer-0 equip with advanced air and sea defenses .
NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 naval buildup and the threat from the NE_country-2 NE_country-3 have cause NE_country-4 to expand its defense and combat capability .
on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 the NE_country-0 launch its ENT_ordinal-entity-0 NE_destroyer-0 equip with advanced air and sea defenses .
the NE_country-0 face NE_country-1 and NE_country-2 naval buildup and a potential threat from the NE_country-3 NE_country-4 .
the NE_destroyer-0 weigh -CONST--0 ton .
the navy state that the NE_country-0 be the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 country to have a destroyer equip with the NE_system-0 integrate weapon control system follow the NE_country-1 , NE_country-2 , NE_country-3 and NE_country-4 .
the destroyer be build domestically at a cost of -CONST--0 NE_country-0 dollar .
president NE_person-0 state at a launch ceremony that the ship be arm with a state @-@ of @-@ the @-@ art defense system and combat capability and be one of the world 's best destroyer .
NE_person-0 state that NE_country-0 will move forward with a program to create an ocean @-@ go navy .
the destroyer be name the king NE_person-0 after the monarch who help create the NE_country-0 alphabet in the -CONST--0 th century .
the navy say in a statement --
the NE_ship-0 have integrate capability in broad @-@ range air defense , support for ground operation , automatic track and destruction of enemy aircraft and guide and ballistic missile .
the new destroyer be expect to greatly increase combat capability .
a ENT_ordinal-entity-0 NE_destroyer-0 will be launch in -CONST--0 and a ENT_ordinal-entity-1 in -CONST--1 in what a navy spokesman state in -CONST--2 -CONST--3 be an attempt to rival the naval power of NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 .
the NE_country-0 face a potential threat from the NE_country-1 NE_country-2 around their contest maritime border in the NE_sea-0 .
this week the NE_country-0 NE_country-1 accuse the NE_country-2 NE_country-3 dispatch warship to violate its territorial water .
-CONST--0 NE_country-0 be kill in -CONST--1 -CONST--2 in battle in the area .
in -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 of NE_country-0 sailor be kill in a similar battle .
the NE_system-0 combat system be build by the NE_country-0 NE_firm-0 .
the NE_system-0 combat system allow a ship to combat multiple surface , underwater and aerial target .
the NE_ship-0 be also equip with locally develop ship @-@ to @-@ ship missile and torpedo as well as various ship @-@ to @-@ air missile and ship @-@ to @-@ surface cruise missile .
stealth technology be use in build the NE_ship-0 make radar detection more difficult .
the ship will be deploy operationally in -CONST--0 .
the NE_country-0 be cooperate with NE_country-1 to build -CONST--0 @-@ ton modern submarine .
a ENT_ordinal-entity-0 such submarine will be launch in early -CONST--0 -CONST--1 .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( ru ) ; NE_country-1 ( us )
weapon ; military
NE_country-0 test new multiple warhead missile capable of penetrate air @-@ defense system such as the NE_country-1 shield plan for deployment in NE_world-region-0 .
in response to NE_country-0 plan NE_person-0 state that NE_country-1 will suspend its compliance with a NE_continent-0 conventional weapon control treaty as NE_country-2 continue work to regain military parity with the u.s..
on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 NE_country-0 state it have successfully test a new multiple warhead ballistic missile design to overcome air @-@ defense system such as the NE_country-1 shield plan for deployment in NE_world-region-0 .
NE_country-0 's strategic missile force issue a statement say that the NE_rocket-0 be fire from the northeastern NE_city-0 region and hit its target on the NE_peninsula-0 -CONST--0 kilometers away .
the NE_peninsula-0 protrude into the NE_ocean-0 .
accord to the statement the NE_product-0 reinforce the military potential of the strategic force to overcome anti @-@ missile defense system .
the test occur amidst NE_country-0 's diplomatic battle over NE_country-1 plan to expand a missile defense shield into NE_world-region-0 .
the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 consider the NE_country-1 plan an attempt to gain nuclear power in the region .
ENT_ordinal-entity-0 deputy prime minister NE_person-0 be a former defense minister and widely consider a potential successor to president NE_person-1 in -CONST--0 .
NE_person-0 state that the NE_product-0 could overcome any anti @-@ missile system like that of the NE_country-0 .
NE_person-0 be quote by NE_publication-0 as state that the NE_country-0 missile complex be capable of penetrate all exist and prospective anti @-@ missile system .
NE_person-0 state that NE_country-0 should be confident in the nation 's defense and security capability .
the NE_country-0 state that the plan radar base in the NE_country-1 and -CONST--0 interceptor missile in neighboring NE_country-2 would defend NE_continent-0 against potential threat from NE_country-3 and NE_country-4 and pose no threat to NE_country-5 .
president NE_person-0 disagree and state that NE_country-0 be suspend compliance with a NE_continent-0 conventional weapon control treaty .
NE_person-0 warn that a new arm race be possible .
accord to the statement the new rocket meet the standard of NE_treaty-0 missile NE_treaty-1 which impose restriction on the use of multiple warhead missile .
a spokesman for the strategic force state to the NE_publication-0 that the missile be new but use technology of the NE_missile-0 .
accord to the statement the prototype NE_rocket-0 be unlike the NE_product-0 in that NE_rocket-1 be equip with multiple independently targetable warhead to overwhelm defense system .
the NE_government-organization-0 refuse to reveal the characteristic of the new missile other than state it be design to replace the NE_country-0 @-@ era NE_rocket-0 @-@ 18 and NE_rocket-1 .
director of the NE_organization-0 NE_person-0 state --
the NE_product-0 be a significant modernization of NE_product-1 .
the principle advantage be that the NE_product-0 be a NE_country-0 rocket .
other multiple warhead missile that NE_country-0 utilize be build in NE_country-1 .
prior to the NE_product-0 there be no NE_country-0 @-@ built multiple warhead missile .
military NE_person-0 state that the test be part of a massive effort by the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 to regain parity with the NE_country-1 ' strategic missile force .
NE_person-0 state that the principle military political aim of the current NE_country-0 leadership be to regain parity with the NE_country-1 .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( ee )
international ; telecom ; technology ; crime ; ENT_government-organization-0 ; politics ; leader ; terrorism
after NE_country-0 authority shut down state websites after a cyber attack originate from NE_country-1 computer NE_country-2 official will propose that the member of the NE_organization-0 consider cyber attack as act of terror .
at a news conference on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 NE_country-0 justice minister NE_person-0 state that NE_country-1 official will propose that NE_organization-0 member consider cyber attack as act of terror at a meet of NE_organization-1 justice minister on -CONST--3 -CONST--4 -CONST--5 .
NE_person-0 state that NE_country-0 official be incline to view cyber attack as act of terror in the same way NE_country-1 official view cyber attack .
NE_person-0 state that NE_person-1 predict an interesting discussion on cyber attack .
at the news conference prime minister NE_person-0 restate accusation that computer in the NE_government-organization-0 have carry out a number of the cyber attack launch on NE_country-0 institution after a disagreement with NE_country-1 official in april -CONST--0 regard the removal of a NE_country-2 war memorial from the center of NE_city-0 .
NE_person-0 and NE_person-1 state that the attack be well organize and be a serious breach of security regardless of whether the NE_government-organization-0 have knowledge of the attack .
NE_person-0 state the attack come directly from the ip address of the NE_country-0 president 's office .
NE_person-0 state that if the computer in the NE_government-organization-0 be use unintentionally then there be computer in the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 which may be use for criminal attack .
NE_person-0 state that the attack be an ENT_government-organization-0 offensive against the information system of the NE_country-0 state structure and against the infrastructure of the state in general .
official in NE_city-0 have deny any involvement in the cyber attack against NE_country-0 which force estonian authority to temporarily bar access to official state websites .
some of the attack also targeted private interest such as bank .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( sa )
narcotic ; crime
drug trafficker execute in NE_country-0 forsmuggling a large quantity of hashish ..
NE_country-0 's NE_government-organization-0 announce that on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 NE_person-0 be execute in NE_city-0 , NE_country-1 .
a statement issue by the NE_agency-0 news agency state that --
NE_person-0 be convict of drug traffic .
NE_person-0 be execute by the sword .
NE_person-0 's crime be smuggle a large quantity of hashish in collaboration with drug traffic gang .
-CONST--0 people have be execute by the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 so far in -CONST--1 .
accord to NE_publication-0 tally based on official statement --
in -CONST--0 at least -CONST--1 people be execute in NE_country-0 .
in -CONST--0 -CONST--1 people be execute in NE_country-0 .
in -CONST--0 -CONST--1 people be execute in NE_country-0 .
execution in NE_country-0 be usually carry out in public .
public execution be a strict form of sharia .
sharia be NE_religious-group-0 law .
capital offenses in NE_country-0 include rape , murder , apostasy , arm robbery and drug traffic .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( sg )
narcotic ; crime
an NE_country-0 name NE_person-0 skip bail in NE_country-1 on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 after be charge with drug traffic .
the NE_government-organization-0 state on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 that NE_country-0 authority have issue an arrest warrant for an NE_country-1 man charge with drug traffic after skip bail .
the warrant be issue for NE_person-0 .
NE_person-0 do not appear for a court appearance on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 .
the lawyer of NE_person-0 name NE_person-1 could not be reach for comment .
accord to a court document NE_person-0 be charge with traffic -CONST--0 gram or 15 ounce of cannabis and cannabis mixture .
the charge have a minimum sentence of -CONST--0 year of imprisonment and -CONST--1 stroke of the cane on conviction .
the death penalty sentence be mandatory for anyone caught traffic more than -CONST--0 gram of cannabis .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( ru )
international ; weapon ; ENT_government-organization-0 ; military ; leader
NE_country-0 president NE_person-0 call for a freeze on NE_country-1 compliance with the NE_treaty-0 ( cfe ) due to limitation on troop movement .
NE_military-0 member state and country from the former NE_country-0 bloc meet in NE_city-0 to re @-@ examine the NE_treaty-0 .
NE_military-0 member state and country from the former NE_country-0 bloc met in NE_city-0 on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 to re @-@ examine the NE_treaty-0 ( cfe ) in light of tension between NE_city-1 and the NE_world-region-0 .
the NE_treaty-0 meet be convene at the NE_organization-0 and will last until -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 .
the NE_treaty-0 be sign in NE_city-0 in -CONST--0 and aim at establish defense parity in NE_continent-0 .
the NE_treaty-0 come into force in -CONST--0 and limit deployment of tank and troop in country belong to NE_military-0 and the former NE_military-1 in NE_world-region-0 .
chief of the NE_country-0 delegation NE_person-0 state in NE_city-0 on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 that NE_country-1 official call the meet because the NE_country-2 ENT_government-organization-0 be unable to freely move NE_country-3 troop on NE_country-4 territory .
NE_person-0 referred to limitation impose by the NE_treaty-0 and state that the choice of which arm force to deploy belong to NE_country-0 official .
NE_country-0 president NE_person-0 recently threaten to suspend application of the NE_treaty-0 amid disagreement with the ENT_government-organization-0 in NE_city-0 over NE_country-1 plan to extend a missile shield into NE_world-region-0 .
NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 official have disagree over the NE_treaty-0 since -CONST--0 with NE_military-0 official state that NE_country-2 official have fail to honor commitment to withdraw troop from NE_country-3 and NE_country-4 .
russian official accuse the NE_country-0 of a military buildup near NE_country-1 's border with the NE_country-2 plan new army base in NE_country-3 and NE_country-4 as well as the missile shield proposal .
NE_person-0 state that NE_country-0 official have serious concern over the plan for military base .
on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 NE_person-0 cite NE_military-0 's lack of movement and call for a freeze on NE_country-0 compliance with the NE_treaty-0 which disconcert NE_world-region-0 observer .
NE_person-0 downplayed the idea that NE_country-0 official would pull out of the NE_treaty-0 altogether and state that the dispute over the NE_country-1 missile shield would not be discuss at the meet .
NE_person-0 state that the NE_country-0 plan for military base in NE_country-1 and NE_country-2 will be on the meet 's agenda .
NE_person-0 reject an offer make by the NE_country-0 and NE_military-0 ally to the NE_country-1 ENT_government-organization-0 the week of -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 to accept a multinational peacekeeping force in the pro @-@ -CONST--3 NE_country-2 separatist NE_country-region-0 .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( af ) ; NE_country-1 ( islamic republic of ) ( ir ) ; NE_country-2 ( pk ) ; NE_country-3 ( at )
international ; narcotic ; crime ; ENT_government-organization-0
minister of public security and counter @-@ narcotic from NE_country-0 , NE_country-1 and NE_country-2 issue a joint statement report an agreement to strengthen joint effort to prevent cross @-@ border drug traffic .
the statement include step to improve border management to combat the transnational threat pose by opium from NE_country-0 .
follow a meet in NE_city-0 host by the NE_organization-0 , minister of public security and counter @-@ narcotic from NE_country-0 , NE_country-1 and NE_country-2 state on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 that the minister have agree to strengthen joint effort to prevent cross @-@ border drug traffic .
the minister issue a joint statement in which the minister commit to act to reduce the transnational threat pose by NE_country-0 's opium which require a cooperative solution .
the joint statement say that the minister from NE_country-0 , NE_country-1 and NE_country-2 agree to take step to improve border management include --
build more physical barrier
boost law enforcement capacity
launch joint counter @-@ narcotic operation
better communication
increase intelligence @-@ share about traffic route , trafficker and suspicious shipment
the minister ' statement call on country include NE_country-0 and country in the NE_organization-0 to which the drug be send to seek to curb demand .
the minister ' statement call on state where chemical essential for produce heroin from opium poppy be produce to stiffen procedure .
the statement say chemical precursor should be control first and foremost where the precursor be produce since the opium problem be best control at the source .
opium from poppy grow in NE_country-0 be the source of -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 of worldwide heroin production .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( au )
international ; ENT_government-organization-0 ; terrorism ; money ; politics
a NE_city-0 council defend a decision on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 to forge a sister @-@ city relationship with NE_city-1 despite allegation that such a relationship would be akin to support NE_organization-0 .
a NE_city-0 council defend a decision on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 to forge a sister @-@ city relationship with NE_city-1 .
the NE_city-0 council state that the sister @-@ city relationship would not lead to the funneling of NE_country-0 dollar to the islamist NE_religious-group-0 NE_organization-0 .
NE_local-region-0 vote on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 to formalize link to NE_city-0 .
the NE_government-organization-0 state that NE_city-0 's council be control by NE_organization-0 .
NE_religious-group-0 group have also state that a sister @-@ city relationship with NE_city-0 would be akin to offer financial support to terrorism and support NE_organization-0 .
multicultural NE_city-district-0 's deputy mayor NE_person-0 reject the claim and state that the NE_city-0 council would not be fund terrorism .
NE_person-0 also state that NE_organization-0 do not dominate NE_city-0 's council because -CONST--0 of the -CONST--1 councilmen be NE_religious-group-0 and the mayor of NE_city-1 be NE_religious-group-1 and not a member of NE_organization-1 .
NE_person-0 state that the sister @-@ city relationship be design to improve cultural understand and deny that money would change hand .
NE_person-0 also state that NE_city-0 do not give money to other sister city .
NE_organization-0 fighter violently seize the NE_country-0 territory of NE_country-region-0 on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 .
the NE_government-organization-0 member NE_person-0 state that NE_organization-0 practice terrorism and openly seek the destruction of NE_country-0 .
NE_city-0 be the NE_country-region-0 city consider the birthplace of NE_person-0 .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( af )
narcotic ; international
the NE_organization-0 say on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 that sophisticated laboratory inside NE_country-0 be convert -CONST--3 ENT_percentage-entity-0 of NE_country-1 's opium into heroin and morphine before smuggle it around the world .
the NE_organization-0 say on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 that sophisticated laboratory inside NE_country-0 be convert -CONST--3 ENT_percentage-entity-0 of NE_country-1 's opium into heroin and morphine before smuggle it around the world .
the NE_organization-0 ( unodc ) say NE_country-0 be the world 's biggest producer of opium and have export the illicit drug almost exclusively in its raw form until -CONST--0 year ago .
NE_organization-0 NE_person-0 in NE_city-0 say that she believe the amount of the opium be process in NE_country-0 be approximately -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 .
NE_person-0 say that anyone fly over the major opium produce area would see a lot of small fire in the mountain , which be heroin lab .
NE_person-0 state that a couple of year ago opium be the primary drug be traffic out of NE_country-0 .
NE_person-0 say there have be an increase of opium be process into morphine and into heroin and that this indicate sophistication that be not previously present in NE_country-0 .
NE_country-0 account for -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 of the world 's heroin supply despite vast internationally @-@ back effort to eradicate its opium poppy field .
NE_person-0 say the ENT_temporal-quantity-0 income from the drug trade help finance the NE_criminal-organization-0 @-@ lead insurgency plague mainly southern and eastern NE_country-0 and that this income total more than -CONST--0 NE_country-1 dollar .
NE_person-0 state that the drug have to be fight together with the insurgency .
NE_country-0 produce a record -CONST--0 ton of opium in -CONST--1 .
official say that the -CONST--0 harvest could exceed the -CONST--1 record because of an increase in opium cultivation in the southern province .
NE_person-0 say that favorable weather condition have also contribute to the increase .
NE_person-0 fear that NE_country-0 will have at least the same amount as the -CONST--0 harvest if not more .
NE_person-0 also downplayed international effort to eradicate poppy crop and say that it be more important to provide poor opium farmer with alternative livelihood .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( br )
crime ; narcotic
NE_country-0 police surround slum north of NE_city-0 to rid them of violent drug trafficker .
at least -CONST--0 people kill during firefights between police and drug dealer .
NE_state-0 's state public safety secretary NE_person-0 state that --
on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 at least -CONST--3 people be kill during firefights between police and drug dealer .
the firefights take place in NE_city-0 's notorious slum .
the goal be to eliminate to the drug trafficker ' arsenal .
NE_country-0 must retake control of the slum and instill public order .
the casualty count of -CONST--0 be preliminary .
the casualty count include a plain @-@ clothe police officer .
-CONST--0 people be wound during the firefights .
NE_person-0 do not know whether all those kill be drug trafficker or resident catch by stray bullet .
police gain access to area in the slum that they could not enter for ENT_temporal-quantity-0 because of the power of the trafficker .
the slum be veritable fortress .
police launch an offensive of -CONST--0 officer .
the police officer surround the slum north of NE_city-0 to rid them of violent drug trafficker and seize weapon and drug .
at a press conference NE_person-0 state that -CONST--0 local and federal police and -CONST--1 elite NE_military-0 police back by -CONST--2 armored personnel carrier invade the slum .
accord to image on NE_broadcast-program-0 police use a bulldozer to topple barricade build by the trafficker .
police cordoned off the drug trafficker ' area in the early morning of -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 .
firefights break out after police cordoned off the drug trafficker ' area .
accord to local media at least -CONST--0 suppose trafficker be kill by midday -CONST--1 -CONST--2 -CONST--3 .
a source at NE_country-0 's NE_government-organization-0 state that --
local business shutter .
-CONST--0 area school close affect some -CONST--1 pupil .
since -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 -CONST--3 federal police have be deploy in NE_local-region-0 slum in the NE_country-0 complex to the north of NE_city-0 .
NE_country-0 drug trafficker be extremely powerful .
NE_country-0 drug trafficker commit crime such as order murder and traffic drug from prison cell .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( my )
international ; crime ; money ; terrorism
malaysian police chief state that luxury car steal in NE_country-0 be be smuggle out of the country and sell to fund terrorist and criminal organization in the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 time police have link the rampant auto theft in NE_country-1 to terrorism .
most of the traffic be conduct by sophisticated global crime group who use NE_world-region-0 country as a transit stop on the smuggle route .
on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 a top malaysian police chief state that luxury car steal in NE_country-0 be be smuggle out of the country and sell to fund terrorist and criminal organization .
auto theft be rampant in NE_country-0 and malaysian police for the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 time be link the crime with terrorism .
NE_organization-0 director NE_person-0 state that 4907 luxury car be steal in NE_country-0 in the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 -CONST--0 month of -CONST--1 represent an -CONST--2 ENT_percentage-entity-0 increase since the start of -CONST--3 .
NE_person-0 be quote by state news NE_agency-0 as state --
structure and sophisticate global criminal group be responsible for most of the traffic and smuggle of stolen vehicle .
proceed from such activity might be use to support and strengthen criminal or terrorist organization with the effect of destabilizing develop nation .
approximately -CONST--0 dollar worth of luxury vehicle be steal throughout NE_continent-0 , NE_continent-1 , NE_continent-2 and NE_continent-3 every year .
it be necessary to enhance information share between nation to fight theft .
NE_world-region-0 country be use as a transit stop to smuggle steal luxury vehicle .
NE_criminal-organization-0 ( ji ) be consider the NE_world-region-0 wing of NE_person-0 's NE_criminal-organization-1 network .
NE_criminal-organization-0 launch a series of attack include the NE_island-0 bombings in -CONST--0 -CONST--1 which kill -CONST--2 people .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( ru )
weapon ; international ; politics
NE_country-0 's ENT_government-organization-0 announce withdrawal from the NE_treaty-0 arm control treaty in hope that the accompany uncertainty will pressure NE_continent-0 regard various military , economic , and political issue .
the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 announce on ENT_date-entity-0 suspension of NE_country-1 adherence to the NE_treaty-0 ) arm control treaty .
the NE_treaty-0 agreement that limit the deployment of force in NE_world-region-0 and NE_world-region-1 .
NE_country-0 move to install anti @-@ missile base in the region be see as a key cause of the decision .
analyst say that it be NE_continent-0 that be likely to suffer most from the decision 's consequence .
independent defense analyst NE_person-0 say the NE_treaty-0 be much more important to the NE_continent-0 country than the NE_country-0 .
NE_person-0 point out that NE_country-0 have other problem with NE_continent-0 and that this withdrawal be another factor reduce confidence and deteriorate relation especially with european country .
NE_person-0 predict that actual troop deployment be unlikely to change much and believe the biggest practical effect of NE_country-0 's decision will be an end to mutual inspection and confidence @-@ build measure govern by the treaty .
analyst say the hope in the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 be that the uncertainty will weaken NE_continent-0 resolve over a number of issue .
NE_agency-0 news agency cite NE_person-0 of the NE_organization-0 as say that the situation will push NE_continent-0 into a more active position on missile defense .
NE_continent-0 have largely back NE_country-0 plan for an anti @-@ missile radar station in the NE_country-1 and interceptor rocket in NE_country-2 .
the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 say the NE_country-1 plan threaten to upset the balance of power on the continent .
other analyst be doubtful that attempt to pressure the NE_organization-0 would bear fruit .
editor of the NE_city-0 @-@ based NE_journal-0 NE_person-0 say the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 be hope that NE_continent-0 's extreme unease over this will lead to a soften of NE_continent-1 's position .
NE_person-0 think the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 's calculation be wrong and that a frightened NE_continent-0 will join with the NE_country-1 .
NE_person-0 say the decision to freeze the NE_treaty-0 be part of a wide move by the ENT_government-organization-0 to use newly find strength to remold the foundation of transatlantic relation and that the russian ENT_government-organization-1 want to revise the force influence interaction in the euro @-@ NE_ocean-0 area that be set when NE_country-0 be weak .
political analyst and director of NE_city-0 's NE_research-institute-0 NE_person-0 say the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 also appear to be use ENT_government-organization-1 geopolitical strength to put pressure on NE_continent-0 over business tie .
NE_person-0 say the withdrawal from the treaty will be see in the NE_world-region-0 as an attempt to put pressure on a number of issue include in the economic sphere .
disagreement over energy security and a dispute over delivery of NE_country-0 meat have prevent NE_country-1 and NE_organization-0 authority from agree to a new mutual cooperation agreement .
NE_person-0 say that at some stage the NE_country-0 government will put all of the economic issue on the table while express doubt whether the ENT_government-organization-0 's goal will be achieve .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( ru )
international ; ENT_government-organization-0 ; military
NE_country-0 withdraw from key post @-@ NE_war-0 arm treaty limit military deployment in NE_continent-0 .
NE_person-0 demand that all NE_military-0 member sign treaty .
ENT_date-entity-0 president NE_person-0 sign a decree halt NE_country-0 's participation in the -CONST--0 NE_treaty-0 ) arm control treaty .
the decree state that NE_country-0 withdraw due to certain point of the treaty and exceptional security circumstance .
the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 state that the suspension will take effect immediately .
the russian NE_government-organization-0 state that NE_country-0 have not suspend dialogue .
NE_military-0 spokesman NE_person-0 state that NE_country-0 's action be retrogressive because the nato consider the NE_treaty-0 to be vital to NE_continent-0 security and stability .
NE_country-0 have repeatedly threaten to withdraw from the treaty due to NE_country-1 military encroachment into former NE_country-2 territory such as the plan missile defense shield in NE_continent-0 .
in a NE_speech-0 in ENT_date-entity-0 NE_person-0 state that NE_country-0 should announce a moratorium on adherence to the NE_treaty-0 until all NE_military-0 country have ratify the treaty .
NE_person-0 appear to particularly target the NE_world-region-0 state of NE_country-0 , NE_country-1 and NE_country-2 , former NE_country-3 republic and current NE_military-0 member which be not part of the NE_treaty-0 .
the NE_treaty-0 limit the deployment of tank and troop in NE_military-0 and former NE_world-region-0 NE_military-1 country and establish confidence @-@ build , transparency and cooperation measure between member state .
the treaty be sign in NE_city-0 in -CONST--0 and come into force in -CONST--1 .
the treaty be adapt in NE_city-0 in -CONST--0 follow the collapse of the NE_military-0 in order to limit deployment on a country @-@ by @-@ country basis .
the NE_treaty-0 be consider a key NE_continent-0 post @-@ NE_war-0 security accord .
NE_military-0 state have refuse to ratify the new pact because NE_country-0 have fail to honor commitment make in NE_city-0 adaptation to withdraw force from the former NE_country-1 NE_republic-0 and NE_republic-1 .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( ru ) ; NE_continent-0
international ; ENT_government-organization-0 ; weapon ; politics ; leader
russian president NE_person-0 sign decree suspend NE_country-0 's application of NE_continent-0 arm control treaty .
the NE_treaty-0 be a key post @-@ NE_war-0 security accord in NE_continent-0 that limit the use of arm force and heavy weaponry and prescribe measure aim at cooperation between member state .
NE_country-0 news agency report on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 that NE_country-1 president NE_person-0 have sign a decree suspend application by the NE_country-2 federation of the NE_treaty-0 and the associate international accord .
the NE_country-0 presidential press office release this information in a statement .
the NE_treaty-0 ( cfe ) be sign in -CONST--0 .
the NE_treaty-0 be 1 of the key post @-@ NE_war-0 security accord in NE_continent-0 .
the NE_treaty-0 limit the use of arm force and heavy weaponry and prescribe measure aim at confidence @-@ build , transparency and cooperation between member state .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( in ) ; NE_country-1 ( mm ) ; NE_country-2 ( gb )
international ; weapon
NE_country-0 plan sale to NE_country-1 of helicopter contain NE_organization-0 @-@ make part .
NE_organization-0 reveal potential violation of NE_organization-1 arm embargo to NE_country-0 .
ENT_date-entity-0 the NE_city-0 @-@ based right group NE_organization-0 state that a -CONST--0 @-@ year @-@ old NE_organization-1 arm embargo to NE_country-0 be threaten by an NE_country-1 plan to sell an attack helicopter with vital NE_continent-0 @-@ produce component to -CONST--1 .
the report state that the incident highlight the necessity of strict arm control .
variant of the NE_aircraft-type-0 ( alh ) contain rocket launchers from NE_country-0 ; rocket , gun and engine from NE_country-1 ; break system from NE_country-2 ; fuel tank and gearbox from NE_country-3 ; self @-@ protection equipment from a NE_country-4 company and have receive crucial design development and engine control manufacture from NE_country-5 company .
NE_country-0 company also contribute equipment to the NE_aircraft-type-0 despite a NE_country-1 arm embargo to NE_country-2 .
NE_organization-0 's report be compile by NE_continent-0 and international non @-@ governmental ENT_government-organization-0 such as NE_organization-1 arm violence .
NE_organization-0 team leader on transfer control and small arm NE_person-0 state --
the NE_organization-0 embargo prohibit direct or indirect supply of military equipment for use in NE_country-0 .
the integrity of the arm embargo depends on its implementation and enforcement .
NE_organization-0 arm control researcher NE_person-0 state that greater emphasis should be place on end @-@ use agreement and re @-@ export of component from NE_organization-1 member state in order to avoid country indirectly support blacklist regime which commit crime against humanity .
NE_organization-0 state --
the NE_organization-0 should immediately commence talk with NE_country-0 to prevent future sale of the NE_aircraft-type-0 , component or technology to NE_country-1 .
all future NE_organization-0 cooperation with NE_country-0 that could supply NE_country-1 with banned item should be discontinue .
any future arm deal with NE_country-0 should prohibit the transfer of technology to NE_country-1 .
NE_country-0 do not have an arm embargo to NE_country-1 .
the NE_organization-0 have note that NE_country-0 's widespread and systematic human right violation include summary execution , torture and recruitment of child soldier .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( in ) ; NE_country-1 ( mm )
military ; international ; technology ; business
NE_organization-0 have publish a report state that an NE_country-0 project to sell attack helicopter to NE_country-1 threaten a NE_organization-1 arm embargo against NE_country-2 .
on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 an NE_organization-0 report be release state --
a NE_organization-0 arm embargo against NE_country-0 be under threat from an NE_country-1 project to sell attack helicopter to NE_organization-1 .
NE_country-0 , NE_country-1 , NE_country-2 , NE_country-3 , NE_country-4 and NE_country-5 provide part and technology for the NE_aircraft-type-0 ( alh ) .
sale of part and technology by NE_country-0 would violate a -CONST--0 @-@ year @-@ old ban .
NE_country-0 give no official reaction .
a senior NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 official state that --
it be hypothetical to say that NE_country-0 be break the embargo .
no transfer of helicopter have occur .
an NE_country-0 defense official from the armament production wing state that --
the NE_organization-0 report put NE_country-0 in a difficult situation .
NE_country-0 wish to do business with NE_country-1 .
the matter be delicate .
-CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 of the NE_aircraft-type-0 be NE_continent-0 .
transfer of the NE_aircraft-type-0 would be in breach of the embargo .
NE_country-0 must keep NE_country-1 in good humor .
NE_country-0 be a military state .
in -CONST--0 -CONST--1 NE_country-0 decide to sell gas to NE_country-1 rather than NE_country-2 .
NE_country-0 's decision be a sign of NE_country-1 's grow influence in NE_country-2 .
an NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 official state that --
NE_country-0 continue to rely on NE_country-1 to disrupt the flow of cross @-@ border separatist rebel into its revolt @-@ hit northeastern state .
the NE_organization-0 report be compile by NE_continent-0 and international non @-@ ENT_government-organization-0 forum .
the forum include NE_organization-0 .
NE_organization-0 work to prevent arm violence .
the NE_organization-0 report suggest that --
NE_country-0 begin immediate talk with NE_country-1 to prevent future sale of the NE_aircraft-type-0 , component or military technology to NE_country-2 .
all future production co @-@ operation with NE_country-0 that could lead to ban item end up in NE_country-1 be stop .
any future arm deal with NE_country-0 ban the transfer of technology to NE_country-1 .
NE_organization-0 team leader on transfer control and small arm NE_person-0 state that --
the NE_organization-0 embargo explicitly state that no military equipment should be supply either directly or indirectly for use in NE_country-0 .
an arm embargo be purposeless if not implement or enforce .
NE_organization-0 's arm control researcher NE_person-0 state that --
country that violate such restriction could find themselves indirectly support a brutal regime whose violation have amounted to crime against humanity .
the NE_organization-0 have describe human right violation in NE_country-0 as widespread and systematic .
human right violation in NE_country-0 include summary execution , torture and the recruitment of child soldier .
the NE_aircraft-type-0 's arsenal include --
rocket launchers from NE_country-0
rocket , gun and engine from NE_country-0
brake system from NE_country-0
fuel tank and gearbox from NE_country-0
self @-@ protection equipment from a NE_country-0 company .
control for the NE_aircraft-type-0 's engine manufacture by NE_country-0 firm .
NE_country-0 , NE_country-1 and NE_country-2 have show interest in acquire the NE_aircraft-type-0 .
NE_country-0 be formerly know as -CONST--0 .
the NE_organization-0 report be titled NE_country-0 helicopter for NE_country-1 : make a mockery of the NE_organization-1 arm embargo ?
NE_country-0 have a military junta .
NE_country-0 have a blunt NE_country-1 influence .
an NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 official spoke on condition of anonymity .
NE_organization-0 be a right group based in NE_city-0 .
the NE_aircraft-type-0 ( alh ) be make in NE_country-0 .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( ru )
weapon ; military
NE_country-0 will increase its missile defense by deploy the long @-@ delay NE_system-0 missile system around NE_city-0 later this month .
an air force spokesman state on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 that NE_country-0 will increase its missile defense by deploy the long @-@ delay NE_missile-0 system around NE_city-0 later in -CONST--3 .
air force spokesman NE_person-0 say -CONST--0 division and a command point will be put into combat duty at the end of the month .
this be report by news NE_agency-0 .
NE_country-0 successfully test NE_missile-0 on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 and -CONST--2 , -CONST--3 .
this be immediately before the NE_government-organization-0 announce its withdrawal from a key NE_continent-0 arm control treaty .
NE_missile-0 be also know by their NE_military-0 designation -CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 -CONST--2 .
the missile be to first be deploy in -CONST--0 and be design to shoot down medium @-@ range ballistic missile and aircraft from as far away as -CONST--1 kilometers ( 250 mile ) .
that be -CONST--0 as far as the NE_missile-0 .
NE_country-0 and the NE_country-1 be dispute over missile defense .
NE_country-0 accuse the NE_country-1 of provoke a new arm race with the NE_country-2 ' plan to deploy a missile shield in NE_world-region-0 .
NE_country-0 say the system be a clear threat to russian security .
the NE_country-0 say the system be not aim at NE_country-1 .
it against potential missile threat from country such as NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 .
the NE_government-organization-0 say on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 that NE_country-0 be withdraw from the -CONST--3 NE_treaty-0 the deployment of arm in NE_continent-0 .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( in ) ; NE_country-1 ( mm )
international ; military
NE_organization-0 reveal in a report publish on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 which state that a NE_organization-1 arm embargo against NE_country-0 be under threat from an NE_country-1 project to sell helicopter to NE_country-2 .
NE_organization-0 publish a report on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 which state that a NE_organization-1 arm embargo against NE_country-0 be under threat from an NE_country-1 project to sell military helicopter to NE_country-2 .
the report titled " NE_country-0 helicopter for NE_country-1 : make a mockery of the NE_organization-0 arm embargo ? " be compile by NE_continent-0 and international non @-@ governmental ENT_government-organization-0 include NE_organization-1 .
safeworld 's team leader on transfer control and small arm NE_person-0 state that the embargo explicitly state that no military equipment should be supply directly or indirectly for use in NE_country-0 .
the report also identify company in the NE_country-0 that make equipment for NE_country-1 despite a similar arm embargo .
NE_person-0 question the purpose of have an arm embargo without enforcement .
the report urge NE_country-0 to begin immediate talk with NE_country-1 in order to prevent future weapon sale to NE_country-2 .
the NE_organization-0 arm embargo against NE_country-0 have be in place for -CONST--0 year .
NE_country-0 , NE_country-1 , NE_country-2 , NE_country-3 , NE_country-4 and NE_country-5 provide part and technology for the NE_aircraft-type-0 that NE_country-6 to sell to NE_country-7 .
NE_organization-0 state that since the NE_country-0 @-@ manufacture helicopter would not be operational without the component from the NE_organization-1 member there be an urgent need for strict arm control .
NE_country-0 supply the rocket launchers .
NE_country-0 provide the rocket , gun and engine .
NE_country-0 provide the brake system .
NE_country-0 provide fuel tank and gearbox .
a NE_country-0 company provide self @-@ protection equipment .
NE_country-0 company be say to be crucial for the development of the aircraft 's design and the manufacture of control for the engine .
an indian ENT_government-organization-0 official state that NE_country-0 do not attach much credence to report by NE_organization-0 .
the official also state NE_country-0 do give defense hardware support to NE_country-1 but the equipment be not offense nor top of the line .
the official also state that NE_country-0 be help in the battle against insurgent in NE_country-1 's northeast .
another NE_country-0 official state that the technology be for communication only and not for offensive operation .
NE_country-0 's NE_government-organization-0 and NE_government-organization-1 do not comment .
NE_organization-0 's arm control researcher NE_person-0 state that greater attention have to be give to the end @-@ use agreement and the re @-@ export of component from NE_organization-1 member state .
NE_person-0 state that without this attention the state could indirectly prop up a brutal regime which the NE_organization-0 have condemn and whose violation have amounted to crime against humanity .
NE_country-0 do not have an arm embargo against NE_country-1 .
NE_organization-0 be a NE_city-0 @-@ based right group .
NE_organization-0 work to prevent arm violence .
NE_country-0 be formerly call NE_country-1 .
the NE_organization-0 have describe human right violation in NE_country-0 as widespread and systematic .
these human right violation include summary execution , torture and the recruitment of child soldier .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( de ) ; NE_country-1 ( ru ) ; NE_country-2 ( us )
international ; weapon ; proliferation ; ENT_government-organization-0
NE_country-0 announce that it will suspend participation NE_treaty-0 ) arm control treaty , which limit the deployment of troop and tank in NE_military-0 and former NE_military-1 nation .
NE_country-0 will host meeting to salvage the NE_treaty-0 .
on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 a statement from NE_country-0 foreign minister NE_person-0 state that --
NE_city-0 will host top @-@ level meeting in -CONST--0 to save key european arm control NE_treaty-0 ( cfe ) .
the meeting be urgent .
the meeting will map the way forward .
NE_person-0 will invite high @-@ rank official to NE_city-0 in early -CONST--0 -CONST--1 to create condition for concrete dialogue .
NE_person-0 have deep concern over NE_country-0 's withdrawal from the NE_treaty-0 .
the NE_treaty-0 be a cornerstone of international arm control .
NE_person-0 issue the statement after NE_person-1 met with NE_country-0 foreign minister NE_person-2 in NE_city-0 .
last week NE_country-0 announce that it will suspend participation in the NE_treaty-0 .
the meeting will follow NE_country-0 's withdrawal from the NE_treaty-0 .
the NE_treaty-0 limit the deployment of troop and tank in NE_military-0 and former NE_military-1 nation .
NE_country-0 's withdrawal from the NE_treaty-0 take place during a dispute with the NE_country-1 over NE_country-2 plan to deploy an anti @-@ missile system in NE_world-region-0 .
NE_country-0 view the NE_government-organization-0 's plan to implement missile defense equipment near NE_country-1 an act of intimidation .
president NE_person-0 have angrily warn that if the NE_country-0 proceed NE_country-1 will point missile at NE_continent-0 .
NE_person-0 tell NE_country-0 reporter in NE_city-0 that --
he be hopeful NE_country-0 and the NE_world-region-0 can reach an agreement over the treaty .
NE_country-0 wish to preserve and strengthen the arm control program .
NE_country-0 will conduct further discussion .
there be a chance that NE_country-0 will reach an acceptable agreement with the NE_world-region-0 .
earlier this week the NE_country-0 NE_government-organization-0 turn down an offer by NE_military-0 for consultation on the NE_treaty-0 .
NE_country-0 say it be ready to discuss the situation with the NE_country-1 .
NE_person-0 have tell NE_country-0 secretary of state NE_person-1 that NE_country-1 remain open to dialogue .
NE_country-0 's dispute with the NE_country-1 utilize NE_war-0 rhetoric .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 )
narcotic ; crime
NE_country-0 execute a convict murderer and a drug trafficker .
media source report that at least -CONST--0 people have be execute in NE_country-0 so far in -CONST--1 .
-CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 -- media report state that NE_country-0 have hang a convict murderer and a drug trafficker .
the hanging be public .
the hanging take place in -CONST--0 NE_country-0 city .
NE_newspaper-0 report that the murderer be hang in NE_city-0 the morning of -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 .
the murderer be unnamed .
the murder be convict of kill a man in -CONST--0 -CONST--1 .
NE_agency-0 news agency state that drug NE_person-0 be hang on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 for smuggle heroin .
NE_person-0 be hang in NE_city-0 , NE_province-0 .
NE_person-0 smuggle -CONST--0 kilogram ( 22 pound ) of heroin .
at least -CONST--0 execution have be carry out in NE_country-0 in -CONST--1 .
most execution in NE_country-0 have be by hang .
most execution in NE_country-0 have take place in public .
NE_organization-0 have state that at least -CONST--0 people be execute in NE_country-0 in -CONST--1 .
capital offenses in NE_country-0 include murder , rape , arm robbery , apostasy , blasphemy , serious drug traffic , repeat sodomy , adultery , prostitution , treason and espionage .
NE_country-0 be an NE_religious-group-0 republic .
NE_town-0 in southeastern NE_country-0 .
NE_city-0 in western NE_country-0 .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( ly ) ; NE_country-1 ( fr )
proliferation ; energy ; international ; business
NE_country-0 be criticize over NE_country-1 's plan to build a nuclear reactor in NE_country-2 while nuclear proliferation expert dismiss concern .
on ENT_date-entity-0 NE_country-0 be criticize over NE_country-1 's plan to build a nuclear reactor in NE_country-2 .
nuclear proliferation expert dismiss concern that the NE_country-0 @-@ NE_country-1 nuclear reactor deal be tantamount to hand NE_person-0 a nuclear bomb .
an official with NE_country-0 's NE_government-organization-0 insist that international safeguard impose after NE_country-1 dissolve the libyan military nuclear program would prevent any libyan nuclear proliferation .
other expert agree with the with NE_country-0 NE_government-organization-0 official .
NE_organization-0 state that the official reason for the NE_country-0 nuclear reactor be a deception as the civilian and military use of nuclear technology be indissociable .
the official reason for the NE_country-0 nuclear reactor be to desalinate sea water .
NE_organization-0 state that deliver civilian nuclear energy to NE_country-0 would amount to eventually help NE_country-1 to acquire nuclear weapon .
NE_organization-0 state that NE_country-0 be rich in oil and gas and NE_country-1 be very amply self @-@ sufficient in energy .
NE_organization-0 state that if NE_country-0 wish to diversify libyan power production than NE_country-1 should logically give priority to solar energy because NE_country-2 enjoy remarkable level of sunshine all year long .
a memorandum on build the new nuclear reactor in NE_country-0 be sign as NE_country-1 president NE_person-0 hold talk with libyan NE_person-1 on ENT_date-entity-0 .
on ENT_date-entity-0 the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 free -CONST--0 foreign medic after NE_country-1 and NE_organization-0 official have play a key role in the process of secure the release of the 6 foreign medic .
NE_organization-0 state that the french @-@ NE_country-0 nuclear reactor deal pose an enormous problem in term of nuclear proliferation and brand the french @-@ NE_country-1 nuclear reactor deal as in keep with the french policy of irresponsible export of nuclear technology .
NE_organization-0 point out that previous NE_country-0 president have sign nuclear deal with the former shah of NE_country-1 , with the former NE_country-2 dictator NE_person-0 and with NE_country-3 during the apartheid era .
NE_person-0 state that the official reason the nuclear reactor be be sell to NE_country-0 be to desalinate sea water to improve NE_country-1 's supply of drink water .
NE_person-0 state that NE_person-1 want to know who NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 think would believe this reason for build the nuclear reactor .
NE_person-0 be in charge of NE_organization-0 's energy campaign .
the french NE_political-party-0 ask if it be not a bit soon to be throw NE_country-0 into NE_person-0 's arm and give him NE_country-1 's international endorsement ?
the NE_country-0 NE_political-party-0 state that civilian nuclear technology can be use eventually to develop military application .
the NE_country-0 NE_political-party-0 accuse NE_person-0 of boundless cynicism root in the risk of strike a nuclear deal with an undemocratic state .
NE_person-0 state that the ENT_date-entity-0 NE_country-0 @-@ NE_country-1 -CONST--0 reactor deal follow the signature in ENT_date-entity-1 of a agreement for bilateral cooperation in nuclear research and technology .
NE_person-0 be a member of NE_country-0 's NE_government-organization-0 and be in charge of nuclear @-@ power desalination project .
the ENT_date-entity-0 of a agreement for bilateral cooperation focus primarily on a nuclear research centre at NE_city-0 whose nuclear reactor be supply by the NE_country-0 in ENT_date-entity-1 .
NE_city-0 be near NE_city-1 .
NE_person-0 state that NE_organization-0 control make it almost impossible to divert the nuclear technology to military use .
NE_person-0 state that the NE_organization-0 control be so tight that a person do not have the right to remove fuel without the presence of NE_organization-1 inspector .
NE_person-0 state that the material generate be low @-@ enrich uranium and not highly @-@ enrich uranium which be need for nuclear bomb .
in ENT_date-entity-0 weapon @-@ grade uranium store at the nuclear research centre in NE_city-0 be remove under NE_organization-0 scrutiny and be send for recycle to NE_country-0 after NE_person-0 pledge to give up weapon of mass destruction in ENT_date-entity-1 .
NE_country-0 have originally supply the uranium to NE_country-1 .
a diplomat in NE_city-0 that be close with the NE_organization-0 state that the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 have have very good cooperation with the NE_organization-1 since ENT_date-entity-0 .
NE_person-0 in NE_city-0 state that NE_person-1 see no proliferation risk for the plan to build a nuclear reactor in NE_country-0 because of the fact that NE_country-1 be still cooperate with the NE_organization-0 and based on the manner in which NE_country-2 turn over and destroy equipments .
NE_person-0 be a member of the NE_research-institute-0 .
NE_person-0 state that NE_country-0 's cooperation with the NE_organization-0 , the government of the NE_country-1 and the NE_country-2 ENT_government-organization-0 have be exemplary .
NE_person-0 state that it be important for the rest of the world to see that when a country abandon nuclear weapon programs and weapon of mass destruction that there be tangible benefit .
NE_person-0 state that this cooperation with NE_country-0 be a direct result of NE_country-1 abandon nuclear weapon programs and weapon of mass destruction .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( sa )
international ; ENT_government-organization-0 ; dissent ; crime ; politics
more than -CONST--0 NE_country-0 activist have sign a petition call for the release of a group of reformists hold in the ultra @-@ conservative kingdom since early -CONST--1 -CONST--2 .
the group be accuse of fund terrorism .
more than -CONST--0 NE_country-0 activist have sign a petition call for the release of a group of reformists hold in the ultra @-@ conservative kingdom since early -CONST--1 -CONST--2 .
the group be accuse of fund terrorism .
the petition be a copy of which be obtain by NE_publication-0 in NE_city-0 .
the petition be sign by -CONST--0 activist and sent to the justice ministry and NE_organization-0 in NE_city-0 and to -CONST--1 ENT_government-organization-0 @-@ sanction human right watchdog .
the petition say the reformists have be hold for longer than -CONST--0 month without a trial and that under NE_country-0 law they should therefore be release .
NE_country-0 be an absolute monarchy that have take step towards reform .
this include hold male @-@ only election in -CONST--0 to elect half of the member of municipal council .
the petition state the -CONST--0 reformists have be arrest in an undignified way and have be deny access to lawyer to be inform of the specific accusation of their detention .
the petition list those be hold as NE_person-0 , NE_person-1 , NE_person-2 , NE_person-3 , NE_person-4 , NE_person-5 and NE_person-6 @-@ khariji .
the petition also say that the reformists should be compensate upon their release .
NE_person-0 tell NE_publication-0 in -CONST--0 -CONST--1 that -CONST--2 of the reformists be hold have sign a petition to king NE_person-1 call for the establishment of an NE_religious-group-0 @-@ based constitutional monarchy .
the petition demand the introduction of a NE_government-organization-0 elect by all adult - men and women in NE_country-0 .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( iq ) ; NE_country-1 ( jo )
international ; terrorism ; money ; politics ; crime
NE_organization-0 issue want notice for NE_person-0 's daughter NE_person-1 of terrorism and incite violence .
NE_person-0 seek refuge in NE_country-0 , where she be protect by king NE_person-1 .
on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 NE_organization-0 interpol issue a red notice for NE_person-0 on suspicion of terrorism .
NE_organization-0 's red notice be not an international arrest warrant .
NE_organization-0 's red notice be a request for foreign police force to cooperate in find and extradite NE_person-0 to NE_country-0 .
NE_person-0 face charge of terrorism in NE_country-0 .
NE_person-0 be NE_person-1 's eldest daughter .
NE_organization-0 post the red notice on NE_organization-1 's website .
NE_organization-0 's red notice state that an NE_country-0 arrest warrant be issue accuse NE_person-0 of terrorism and incite crime against life and health .
the red notice list the name as NE_person-0 .
the red notice state that NE_person-0 be believe to have both NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 nationality .
NE_country-0 NE_government-organization-0 operation director major general NE_person-0 state that --
a judicial order be issue against NE_person-0 -CONST--0 year ago by the NE_organization-0 .
the judicial order accuse NE_person-0 of fund terrorism .
NE_person-0 be live in NE_city-0 .
NE_person-0 's arrest would depend on NE_country-0 authority .
the order of -CONST--0 bind on all country be associate with NE_organization-0 .
NE_person-0 have live in NE_country-0 since -CONST--0 -CONST--1 .
NE_person-0 be know by some as NE_person-1 .
NE_person-0 have an aggressive temperament .
since -CONST--0 NE_person-0 have be on a list of people associate with NE_person-1 's regime .
the new NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 seek to prosecute the people associate with NE_person-0 's regime for allegedly incite violence .
the list have -CONST--0 people .
NE_person-0 's location at the time the notice be issue be unknown .
NE_person-0 have publicly defend NE_person-1 .
sister NE_person-0 and mother NE_person-1 have not publicly defend NE_person-2 .
NE_person-0 be subject to an NE_country-0 arrest warrant .
NE_organization-0 state that NE_person-0 have be the subject of a red notice since late -CONST--0 .
NE_organization-0 state that people with knowledge of NE_person-0 's location should contact local police or NE_organization-1 's headquarters .
in NE_city-0 lawyer and member of NE_person-0 's former defense team NE_lawyer-0 state that --
NE_person-0 be a guest of king NE_person-1 .
NE_country-0 request that NE_country-1 extradite NE_person-0 in -CONST--0 .
at that time NE_country-0 refuse .
NE_country-0 cannot be force to extradite NE_person-0 .
NE_organization-0 's arrest warrant may not be bind .
in -CONST--0 -CONST--1 NE_country-0 prime minister NE_person-0 state that --
NE_person-0 and family be live under the protection of king NE_person-1 .
the presence of NE_person-0 and her children in NE_country-0 be motivate by humanitarian consideration .
NE_person-0 be the guest of the NE_family-0 royal family .
in -CONST--0 -CONST--1 NE_person-0 be drive from power by a NE_country-0 @-@ lead invasion and flee .
NE_person-0 be the former dictator of NE_country-0 .
in -CONST--0 -CONST--1 NE_person-0 be capture .
on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 NE_person-0 be execute .
in -CONST--0 -CONST--1 NE_country-0 troop kill NE_person-0 's son NE_person-1 and NE_person-2 .
in -CONST--0 -CONST--1 NE_person-0 and family leave NE_country-0 .
NE_person-0 and NE_person-1 seek refuge in NE_country-0 .
NE_person-0 's mother NE_person-1 and sister NE_person-2 seek refuge in NE_country-0 .
in -CONST--0 NE_person-0 and NE_person-1 's husband NE_person-2 and brother NE_person-3 be kill in NE_country-0 .
the men be kill after -CONST--0 year in exile in NE_country-0 .
NE_person-0 and NE_person-1 's relation with NE_person-2 , NE_person-3 and NE_person-4 disintegrate after the men be kill .
NE_person-0 and NE_person-1 accuse NE_person-2 , NE_person-3 and NE_person-4 of kill the men .
NE_person-0 and NE_person-1 help hire a defense team for NE_person-2 when NE_person-3 be in NE_country-0 custody .
NE_country-0 authority state that NE_person-0 could not abuse the term of asylum by make political statement .
NE_person-0 's supporter accuse NE_city-0 's NE_country-0 @-@ back ENT_government-organization-0 of persecute NE_person-1 for vengeance .
NE_person-0 be -CONST--0 year old .
NE_person-0 be know for be haughty and strong @-@ willed .
NE_socialite-0 be a -CONST--0 @-@ foot @-@ -CONST--1 socialite with a taste for stylish clothe .
NE_person-0 be an unlikely defender of NE_person-1 's legacy .
NE_city-0 be the capital of NE_country-0 .
NE_organization-0 be headquartered in NE_city-0 , NE_country-0 .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( iq ) ; NE_country-1 ( jo )
international ; ENT_government-organization-0 ; crime ; terrorism ; money
on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 NE_country-0 rule out any move to relinquish NE_person-0 's eldest daughter NE_person-1 .
NE_person-0 be want by the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 on suspicion of terrorism .
on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 NE_country-0 rule out any move to relinquish NE_person-0 's eldest daughter NE_person-1 .
NE_person-0 be want by the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 on suspicion of terrorism .
ENT_government-organization-0 spokesman NE_person-0 tell a press brief that the issue of release NE_person-1 have not be raise .
NE_person-0 say NE_person-1 's presence in NE_country-0 be motivate by humanitarian consideration and NE_person-2 do not practice any political or media @-@ relate activity .
NE_country-0 on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 ask for NE_country-1 's cooperation to arrest NE_person-0 after the NE_organization-0 interpol issue a want red notice .
NE_country-0 NE_government-organization-0 operation director major general NE_person-0 say a judicial order be issue against NE_person-1 -CONST--0 year ago by the NE_government-organization-1 .
the court accuse NE_person-0 of fund terrorism .
NE_person-0 say NE_person-1 's arrest would depend on NE_country-0 authority because the order of NE_organization-0 bind all country who be associate with it and NE_person-2 be stay in NE_city-0 .
NE_person-0 have live in NE_country-0 since -CONST--0 -CONST--1 and since last year have be on a list of -CONST--2 people that the new NE_country-1 ENT_government-organization-0 be seek to prosecute for allegedly incite violence and be associate with NE_person-1 's regime .
NE_country-0 prime minister NE_person-0 say in -CONST--0 -CONST--1 that NE_person-1 and her family be live under the protection of king NE_person-2 after NE_country-1 issue its warrant .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( ru ) ; NE_country-1 ( af )
international ; narcotic ; crime ; ENT_government-organization-0
the NE_country-0 anti @-@ drug agency announce a seizure of tonne of opium and marijuana worth approximately -CONST--0 NE_country-1 dollar in -CONST--1 former NE_country-2 bloc country .
on ENT_date-entity-0 the NE_country-0 anti @-@ drug agency state that a large ENT_monetary-quantity-0 of opium and other drug worth approximately -CONST--0 NE_country-1 dollar be seize in a major operation in -CONST--1 former NE_country-2 bloc country last week .
the drug seizure be unprecedented in scope and involve the country of the NE_organization-0 .
the NE_organization-0 country involve in the drug seizure be NE_country-0 , NE_country-1 , NE_country-2 , NE_country-3 , NE_country-4 and NE_country-5 .
the NE_country-0 anti @-@ drug agency state that the -CONST--0 metric ton of drug seize include -CONST--1 kilogram of heroin , -CONST--2 kilogram of hashish , -CONST--3 metric ton of opium , -CONST--4 metric ton of marijuana , -CONST--5 kilogram of cocaine and -CONST--6 kilogram of synthetic drug .
the NE_country-0 anti @-@ drug agency state that NE_country-1 participate in the joint anti @-@ drug effort for the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 time .
the drug seizure operation be conduct from ENT_date-entity-0 until ENT_date-entity-1 and also involve NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 .
the NE_country-0 anti @-@ drug agency state that NE_country-1 be the world 's top heroin producer and the drug seizure operation be codenamed -CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 .
during the drug seizure operation an NE_country-0 drug trafficker be arrest in carry -CONST--0 kilogram of heroine and -CONST--1 kilogram of cannabis .
NE_country-0 drug trafficker be catch in NE_country-1 .
NE_country-0 be part of the transit route use to smuggle drug to NE_country-1 and NE_world-region-0 .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( ir )
narcotic ; crime
the NE_publication-0 state that NE_country-0 hang -CONST--0 drug trafficker in its southern port NE_city-0 on -CONST--1 -CONST--2 , -CONST--3 .
it be -CONST--0 day after NE_country-0 execute -CONST--1 criminal in -CONST--2 morning .
the NE_publication-0 state that NE_country-0 hang -CONST--0 drug trafficker in its southern port NE_city-0 on -CONST--1 -CONST--2 , -CONST--3 .
it be -CONST--0 day after NE_country-0 execute -CONST--1 criminal in -CONST--2 morning .
the report say the two men be identify only as -CONST--0 -CONST--1 and -CONST--2 -CONST--3 and be hang for traffic in heroin and opium .
it do not say if the men have be hang in prison .
NE_country-0 have hang -CONST--0 drug trafficker in prison in its northwestern NE_city-0 on the morning of -CONST--1 -CONST--2 , -CONST--3 .
-CONST--0 other criminal be hang in public in the southern NE_city-0 .
NE_country-0 have recently increase execution of rapist , drug trafficker and others deem a public menace as part of a campaign aim at improve security in society .
the new hanging bring the number of execution carry out in NE_country-0 so far this year to at least -CONST--0 .
the execution be often public and almost always by hang .
that figure now exceed the 177 people who be execute in -CONST--0 accord to NE_organization-0 .
NE_country-0 be the most prolific applier of the death penalty in the world after NE_country-1 .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( cn )
international ; telecom ; technology ; crime ; ENT_government-organization-0 ; politics ; military
NE_country-0 newspaper have report that NE_country-1 military have hack into NE_country-2 ENT_government-organization-0 network .
NE_country-0 's NE_government-organization-0 spokeswoman NE_person-0 deny the chinese government 's involvement and state the chinese government 's willingness to cooperate with the international community during investigation into the hack attack .
NE_country-0 's NE_government-organization-0 spokeswoman NE_person-0 state on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 that statement that the chinese military have make cyber attack on the network of foreign ENT_government-organization-0 be groundless and irresponsible and be a result of ulterior motive .
NE_person-0 state that the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 have oppose and prohibit any cyber crime and have explicit law and regulation regard cyber crime .
NE_person-0 state the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 be willing to cooperate with the international community to investigate the alleged attack but NE_country-1 police have not receive any request from relevant country on cooperative investigation .
NE_person-0 's statement respond to news report carry by NE_newspaper-0 and NE_newspaper-1 in NE_city-0 that NE_country-0 computer hackers have infiltrate NE_country-1 ENT_government-organization-0 network .
NE_newspaper-0 quote an unidentified NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 source as state that the NE_country-1 ENT_government-organization-1 be engage in hostile intelligence activity .
the source state the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 be focusing on electronic mean to hack into system to discover NE_country-1 's defense and foreign policy secret instead of use the old @-@ fashion method and that the NE_country-2 government be technologically advance and adept at hack .
the report be issue after NE_country-0 president NE_person-0 state that a discussion of the issue of suspect NE_country-1 cyber @-@ attack on the NE_country-2 NE_government-organization-0 could occur during a meet with NE_country-3 president NE_person-1 in NE_city-0 on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 .
the NE_government-organization-0 state on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 that several nation and group have be try to break into the NE_country-0 military 's computer system after NE_newspaper-0 report NE_country-1 's military had successfully hack into the network in -CONST--3 -CONST--4 .
on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 NE_person-0 deny the hack allegation .
NE_country-0 chancellor NE_person-0 raise concern during a visit to NE_city-0 the week of -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 after press report state NE_country-1 military had conduct cyber espionage on ENT_government-organization-0 office in NE_city-1 .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( cn ) ; NE_country-1 ( fr )
international ; telecom ; technology ; crime ; ENT_government-organization-0 ; politics
NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 refuse to comment on french allegation of NE_country-1 involvement in cyber attack launch on ENT_government-organization-1 system in NE_country-2 .
the NE_country-0 spokesman do not directly implicate the NE_country-1 military as unnamed official in other country have do follow similar recent cyber attack .
on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 NE_country-0 's NE_government-organization-0 refuse to respond to comment make by a top french security official that ENT_government-organization-0 computer system in NE_country-1 have be targeted in a chinese cyber @-@ attack .
a chinese ministry spokesman state that the ENT_government-organization-0 of NE_country-0 do not have any information regard the statement make by NE_country-1 secretary general of NE_government-organization-0 NE_person-0 .
on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 NE_person-0 state that information system in NE_country-0 have be infiltrate by group involve NE_country-1 .
NE_person-0 do not directly implicate the NE_country-0 military as unnamed official in other country have do .
NE_person-0 state that the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 have indication that -CONST--0 information system be the object of attack similar to attack that have occur in other country .
NE_person-0 's comment confirm a report publish in NE_country-0 NE_newspaper-0 .
NE_person-0 state that the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 have proof of NE_country-1 involvement in the cyber attack but that this do not mean the NE_country-2 ENT_government-organization-1 be involve .
NE_person-0 state that there be no indication now that the cyber attack be launch by the NE_country-0 NE_military-0 .
press report in recent week have cite unnamed official from the NE_country-0 , NE_country-1 and NE_country-2 state that the NE_country-3 military have be involve in cyber attack on their ENT_government-organization-0 websites .
on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 chinese NE_government-organization-0 spokeswoman NE_person-0 deny involvement by NE_country-0 's army in international computer espionage .
NE_person-0 state that allegation that the NE_country-0 military launch cyber attack on the network of foreign ENT_government-organization-0 be groundless , irresponsible and the result of ulterior motive .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( cn ) ; NE_country-1 ( fr )
international ; telecom ; technology ; crime ; ENT_government-organization-0
NE_country-0 state on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 that chinese websites have be the subject of cyber attack .
multiple NE_world-region-0 country suspect NE_country-0 of conduct cyber attack against NE_world-region-1 nation .
NE_country-0 state on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 that NE_country-1 be a frequent victim of cyber attack .
several NE_world-region-0 ENT_government-organization-0 include the NE_country-0 , NE_country-1 and the NE_country-2 have accuse NE_country-3 's military of hack the websites of NE_world-region-1 ENT_government-organization-1 .
NE_country-0 have consistently deny that the chinese army be involve in international computer espionage .
NE_person-0 state on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 that cyber attack accusation against NE_country-0 be groundless , irresponsible and a result of ulterior motive .
the latest incident involve NE_country-0 and french secretary general of NE_government-organization-0 NE_person-0 state on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 that ENT_government-organization-0 information system in NE_country-1 have be infiltrate in attack involve NE_country-2 .
NE_person-0 do not directly implicate the NE_country-0 military or ENT_government-organization-0 .
NE_country-0 NE_government-organization-0 spokeswoman NE_person-0 state that cyber hack be a global issue .
NE_person-0 state that NE_country-0 's ENT_government-organization-0 have always be oppose to cyber crime and have strict law and regulation against cyber crime .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( NE_country-1 )
international ; ENT_government-organization-0 ; weapon ; technology
NE_country-0 's NE_publication-0 state the ENT_government-organization-0 of NE_country-1 and NE_country-2 have strengthen missile cooperation .
the north korean ENT_government-organization-0 have train NE_country-0 missile engineer and the NE_country-1 ENT_government-organization-1 have barter farm product and computer for missile from NE_country-2 .
NE_country-0 's NE_publication-0 state on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 that the ENT_government-organization-0 of NE_country-1 and NE_country-2 have strengthen missile cooperation .
NE_publication-0 quote unidentified NE_country-0 observer and state that the cooperation be compose of a barter system and begin in -CONST--0 due to NE_country-1 's worsen financial condition .
NE_publication-0 state --
NE_country-0 missile engineer have stay in NE_city-0 to train and acquire technology .
NE_country-0 have ship cotton , food and computer to NE_country-1 in return for buy short @-@ range missile .
the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 have accuse NE_country-1 of be a lead global proliferator of weapon of mass destruction .
NE_country-0 be impoverish and the north korean ENT_government-organization-0 have continue export missile which be a major source of hard currency earnings .
NE_publication-0 state the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 have sell approximately -CONST--0 missile to NE_country-1 , NE_country-2 and other country each year .
NE_country-0 's missile launch have heighten tension in the region since -CONST--0 .
in -CONST--0 the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 test @-@ fire a long @-@ range missile over NE_country-1 and alarm the japanese ENT_government-organization-1 .
in -CONST--0 -CONST--1 the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 test @-@ fire -CONST--2 missile include the NE_product-0 which in theory could reach the NE_country-1 NE_country-region-0 .
the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 test a series of short @-@ range missile in -CONST--0 .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( kz )
international ; ENT_government-organization-0 ; weapon ; politics ; proliferation ; economy ; leader
NE_country-0 president NE_person-0 address the NE_organization-0 regard nuclear arm , state that kazakhstan have benefitted from end NE_country-1 nuclear program and encourage other nation to do the same .
on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 NE_country-0 president NE_person-0 state to the NE_organization-0 session that --
NE_country-0 yield tangible economic benefit by end NE_country-1 's nuclear program .
NE_country-0 voluntarily renounce nuclear arm .
NE_country-0 urge other nation to renounce nuclear arm .
acquire weapon of mass destruction be irrational .
NE_country-0 renounce NE_country-1 's nuclear missile arsenal .
NE_country-0 dismantle the nuclear missile arsenal 's infrastructure .
for the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 time in history a nation have voluntarily relinquish destructive force .
NE_country-0 have experience an inflow of considerable investment .
the investment have become a foundation of accomplishment in global development .
NE_country-0 have consolidate NE_country-1 's independence .
NE_country-0 have receive security assurance of all nuclear @-@ weapon state .
other nation should follow NE_country-0 's example .
other nation should not waste money on the arm race .
NE_country-0 have be approach by NE_country-1 and the NE_world-region-0 as a potential energy source .
pipeline be be build to connect NE_country-0 to the outside world .
NE_country-0 's nuclear missile arsenal be the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 largest in the world .
NE_country-0 's NE_field-0 oil field may contain -CONST--0 barrel of oil .
-CONST--0 of the -CONST--1 barrel of oil in NE_country-0 's NE_field-0 oil field be consider recoverable .
NE_person-0 do not name NE_country-0 or NE_country-1 .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( in )
terrorism ; money ; politics
indian security chief to discuss prevention of fund terrorism through stock market investment and international remittance to NE_country-0 .
ENT_date-entity-0 an anonymous senior NE_country-0 NE_government-organization-0 official engage in anti @-@ terrorism operation state to NE_publication-0 --
head of federal intelligence agency , state police chief and special agent from ENT_government-organization-0 unit will meet ENT_date-entity-0 @-@ ENT_date-entity-1 in NE_city-0 to discuss how to prevent extremist group from invest in NE_country-0 's rapidly expand stock market to fund terrorist attack .
the agenda will include receive input that finance be or could be raise in the stock market to fund terrorism in NE_country-0 and elsewhere .
ENT_date-entity-0 the NE_country-0 spy NE_agency-0 ( raw ) warn the national market watchdog that individual or group link to NE_criminal-organization-0 could be invest in the rise stock market .
NE_country-0 's NE_benchmark-0 ( sensex ) have recently experience a series of record high .
as of ENT_date-entity-0 NE_country-0 market have reach -CONST--0 dollar in -CONST--1 .
in the same period in -CONST--0 the figure be -CONST--1 dollar .
the official state --
NE_country-0 have an ongoing process to scan dubious investment hope to further consolidate resource to oppose the new menace of invest to fund terrorism .
the ENT_government-organization-0 seek to determine how recent terrorist attack in NE_country-0 be fund .
the ENT_government-organization-0 have monitor global remittance to NE_country-0 to attempt to eradicate money launder by outlaw extremist organization .
the official state that the NE_organization-0 and the NE_government-organization-0 would begin the process of verify operation by -CONST--0 s of sub @-@ agent of international remittance firm .
ENT_date-entity-0 NE_newspaper-0 state that the ENT_government-organization-0 's NE_organization-0 have identify -CONST--0 suspicious transaction involve global remittance company in recent month .
NE_country-0 permit only inbound remittance through ENT_monetary-quantity-0 wire transfer service with a cap of -CONST--0 NE_country-1 dollar on each transfer .
recent terrorist attack in NE_country-0 --
ENT_date-entity-0 a series of bomb kill -CONST--0 people in NE_city-0 .
ENT_date-entity-0 a bomb attack at a mosque in NE_city-0 kill -CONST--0 .
ENT_date-entity-0 a series of bomb plant on rush @-@ hour train kill -CONST--0 and injure nearly -CONST--1 in NE_country-0 's financial center NE_city-0 .
NE_country-0 have be engage in a violent conflict with NE_religious-group-0 militant in disputed NE_world-region-0 since -CONST--0 and face regular attack on security personnel in the revolt @-@ ridden northeastern state .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( in )
international ; terrorism ; money ; ENT_government-organization-0
the home minister of NE_country-0 issue an alert on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 against possible terror attack that could hinder development in NE_country-1 .
home minister NE_person-0 of NE_country-0 issue an alert on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 against possible terror attack at religious site and warn that militant could fund the attack with counterfeit money .
home minister NE_person-0 do not mention a specific threat .
a national meet of NE_country-0 security chief occur after the alert issuance on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 .
official state in the meet the security chief discuss way to stop extremist group use the country 's fast rise domestic stock market to fund terrorist attack .
head of federal intelligence agency , state police chief and special agent from ENT_government-organization-0 unit attend the meet .
the meet be -CONST--0 day long .
official attend the meet state that fund of terrorism playeda large part in the close discussion .
the venue be guard by heavily @-@ arm soldier .
NE_person-0 state that the extremist be likely to create mischief and violence at place where innocent people congregate in large number .
NE_person-0 also state that religious place , police and politician can be attack and fake currency note may be use to fund terrorism .
on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 , the NE_government-organization-0 inform NE_country-0 's NE_organization-0 that extremist link to the NE_criminal-organization-0 terror network might be put money into NE_country-1 's bull market .
a top intelligence official state that various other agency chase ghost investor in stock have give similar warning .
NE_person-0 state that terror attack could affect foreign investment .
NE_person-0 also state that because large volume of fund be invest in development activity in NE_country-0 without a sense of security prevail in the state investment be go to suffer in NE_country-1 .
NE_person-0 also state that development need security and security need development and for that reason police cannot lag behind .
NE_person-0 be in charge of NE_country-0 's internal security .
the NE_government-organization-0 be NE_country-0 's spy agency .
since -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 separate terrorist bombings in NE_city-0 have leave a total of -CONST--3 people dead .
NE_city-0 be NE_country-0 's emerge software hub .
NE_country-0 's economy be grow at an ENT_temporal-quantity-0 rate of -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 .
only NE_country-0 's economy be grow at a faster ENT_temporal-quantity-0 rate .
the high ENT_temporal-quantity-0 growth rate entice investor into all sector .
a bull run in the NE_country-0 stock market have lead to an unprecedented fund inflow of -CONST--0 dollar so far in -CONST--1 .
this fund inflow exceed the inflow of -CONST--0 dollar during the same period in -CONST--1 .
in -CONST--0 -CONST--1 a series of blast plant on rush hour train kill -CONST--2 commuter and injure nearly -CONST--3 in NE_city-0 .
NE_city-0 be NE_country-0 's financial hub .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( mr )
narcotic ; money ; crime ; international
in -CONST--0 -CONST--1 prosecutor charge NE_person-0 and NE_person-1 for money launder .
a court say the case be not valid because the prosecution have no jurisdiction to charge lawyer in a case already in the court .
the state prosecutor state on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 that an appeal court in NE_country-0 drop money launder charge bring against -CONST--3 lawyer defend a drug trafficker .
in -CONST--0 -CONST--1 prosecutor charge NE_person-0 and NE_person-1 for ENT_monetary-quantity-0 launder after salem and ahmed receive -CONST--2 s of euros believe to have be advance payment for service in the defense of a suspect NE_country-0 trafficker .
NE_person-0 and NE_person-1 be also accuse of use criminally generate ENT_monetary-quantity-0 after reportedly withdraw from a currency exchange bureau the equivalent of -CONST--0 euros ( 282000 dollar ) transfer by the NE_country-0 businessman .
NE_person-0 deny the fund be relate to the traffic case but for a long @-@ stand contract worth -CONST--0 euros with the businessman for other issue .
act NE_person-0 state to NE_publication-0 that a court on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 say the case be not valid because the prosecution have no jurisdiction to charge lawyer in a case already in the court .
-CONST--0 people include NE_country-0 , NE_country-1 , NE_country-2 and NE_country-3 be arrest after -CONST--1 kilogram ( 1830 pound ) of cocaine be seize on a bus in the capital NE_city-0 in -CONST--2 -CONST--3 .
the seizure be think to be the biggest drug haul in NE_country-0 's history .
NE_world-region-0 have become an increasingly important transit point for NE_continent-0 drug destine for NE_continent-1 .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( af )
international ; ENT_government-organization-0 ; crime ; narcotic
NE_country-0 authority raid a drug laboratory and a custom office on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 .
-CONST--0 ton of liquid heroin and -CONST--1 ton of hashish be seize .
NE_country-0 authority state on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 that authority have seize -CONST--3 ton of liquid heroin and -CONST--4 ton of hashish packed to look like a brand of instant yeast .
the find be make separately near the border with NE_country-0 which be a main smuggle route for drug from NE_country-1 .
deputy interior minister general NE_person-0 tell reporter in NE_city-0 that the heroin be discover on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 in the southwestern NE_province-0 when a drug laboratory be raid .
NE_person-0 state that a total of -CONST--0 kilogram ( 8866 pound ) of heroin and -CONST--1 ton of chemical use to make the heroin be seize and the lab have be destroy .
NE_person-0 state that the find be -CONST--0 of the ENT_government-organization-0 's biggest .
-CONST--0 men be arrest .
NE_person-0 state that the men export the drug in liquid form as animal medicine to NE_country-0 .
NE_province-0 governor NE_person-0 state that hashish be find at a custom office at the main border cross between NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 .
official show journalist a ship container hold -CONST--0 of -CONST--1 gram packet of a brand of instant yeast call NE_brand-0 .
inside the wrap be a ENT_ordinal-entity-0 cover around dark hashish that read black gold and pak delight .
the NE_organization-0 state in an ENT_temporal-quantity-0 drug survey release in -CONST--0 -CONST--1 that NE_country-0 's opium production in -CONST--2 rise by approximately -CONST--3 @/@ -CONST--4 rd to -CONST--5 ton ENT_temporal-quantity-1 .
NE_country-0 produce -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 of the world 's opium use to make heroin .
the NE_organization-0 survey say most of the opium be convert to heroin within NE_country-0 and the main market for NE_country-1 's opium include NE_continent-0 and NE_world-region-0 .
the NE_organization-0 survey say the cultivation of cannabis which be use to make hashish increase from -CONST--0 hectare ( 123500 acre ) in -CONST--1 to -CONST--2 hectare in -CONST--3 .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( tj )
international ; weapon ; ENT_government-organization-0 ; narcotic ; crime
NE_country-0 border police say on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 that the police have kill -CONST--3 smuggler , wound another and seize -CONST--4 kilo ( 198 pound ) of opium after intercept the smuggler as the pair try to enter from NE_country-1 .
NE_country-0 border police say on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 that the police have kill -CONST--3 smuggler , wound another and seize -CONST--4 kilo ( 198 pound ) of opium after intercept the smuggler as the pair try to enter from NE_country-1 .
a police spokesman tell NE_publication-0 that the smuggler have open fire on officer after be told to surrender .
the wound smuggler be arrest and police seize the opium , -CONST--0 NE_rifle-0 and aproximately -CONST--1 bullet .
the police spokesperson state that the smuggler be ENT_ordinal-entity-0 spot at NE_location-0 .
NE_village-0 be a mountain village locate near the border about -CONST--0 kilometers ( 140 mile ) southeast of the capital NE_city-0 .
NE_country-0 's border be -CONST--0 kilometers ( 835 mile ) long .
NE_country-0 southern border be NE_country-1 .
NE_person-0 say the security force be brace for more heroin and opium smuggle from NE_country-0 .
opium production have increase in NE_country-0 .
NE_person-0 be from NE_country-0 's anti @-@ drug agency .
-CONST--0 NE_country-0 smuggler last ENT_temporal-quantity-0 be sentence to prison term of between -CONST--1 and -CONST--2 year .
the sentence be punishment for smuggle a total of -CONST--0 kilo of drug into the country in summer of last year .
a recent NE_organization-0 report state that NE_country-0 produce -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 of the world 's opium use to make heroin and NE_country-1 's opium production increase by a -CONST--1 to -CONST--2 ton ENT_temporal-quantity-0 in -CONST--3 .
NE_country-0 authority say on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 that -CONST--3 ton of liquid heroin and -CONST--4 ton of hashish packed to look like a brand of instant yeast be seize .
the seizure be one of the largest to date .
the main market for NE_country-0 's opium include NE_continent-0 and NE_world-region-0 .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( ir )
narcotic ; crime
NE_country-0 execute -CONST--0 drug trafficker on -CONST--1 -CONST--2 , -CONST--3 .
on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 NE_country-0 hang -CONST--3 drug trafficker in the central NE_province-0 .
the unidentified men be convict of traffic , possess , and distribute opium .
-CONST--0 man be hang in the prison of the NE_town-0 and the other -CONST--1 be execute in the central prison of NE_city-0 .
NE_city-0 be the provincial capital .
at least -CONST--0 people have be hang in NE_country-0 in -CONST--1 accord to a count compile from local press report and witness .
many people be hang in public .
in -CONST--0 NE_country-0 hang at least -CONST--1 people accord to NE_organization-0 .
capital offence in NE_country-0 include murder , rape , arm robbery , serious drug traffic and adultery .
NE_country-0 have noticeably increase the number of execution in recent month as official enforce a campaign aim at promote virtue and boost security in society .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( ru ) ; NE_country-1 ( ua )
international ; telecom ; technology ; crime ; politics ; leader
NE_country-0 national of a group call the NE_group-0 claim to have hack and disable the website of NE_country-1 president NE_person-0 .
the NE_organization-0 state that the hack be a retaliation against NE_country-0 attack on the website of the NE_organization-1 .
NE_country-0 nationalist claim on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 to have hack into and disable the official website of ukrainian president viktor yushchenko in a retaliation cyber attack .
the president 's press office do not identify the suspect hackers .
a NE_group-0 orchestrate the attack because the website of the NE_group-1 have come under attack by NE_country-0 authority .
the NE_organization-0 state that president NE_person-0 's official website will not work unless NE_country-0 stop attack the official website of the eurasian youth group .
the -CONST--0 press office state that the attack against NE_person-0 's website -CONST--1 begin on -CONST--2 -CONST--3 , -CONST--4 and continue onto -CONST--5 -CONST--6 , -CONST--7 .
the president 's press office state that -CONST--0 separate cyber attack against the website be register come from the NE_country-0 , NE_country-1 , NE_country-2 , the NE_country-3 , NE_country-4 and the NE_country-5 .
the leader of the NE_organization-0 be ban from NE_country-0 for have vandalize ukrainian national symbol on a mountain in the west of NE_country-1 .
this ban occur earlier in -CONST--0 .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 )
narcotic ; crime ; international
NE_country-0 official hang convict drug NE_person-0 in prison in NE_city-0 .
NE_person-0 's execution be approximately the -CONST--0 th hang in NE_country-0 in -CONST--1 .
official news NE_agency-0 report on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 that NE_country-0 official have hang convict drug NE_person-0 in prison in the eastern NE_city-0 .
NE_person-0 smuggle narcotic to NE_country-0 and NE_ethnic-group-0 state in the NE_world-region-0 .
NE_publication-0 report that NE_person-0 kill a policeman and then escape to NE_city-0 in the NE_country-0 while traffic drug in -CONST--0 .
NE_publication-0 report that police confiscate approximately -CONST--0 kilogram ( 7260 pound ) of opium , -CONST--1 kilogram ( 185 pound ) of heroin and -CONST--2 kilogram ( 209 pound ) of morphine during NE_person-0 's arrest .
NE_person-0 's execution be approximately the -CONST--0 th hang in NE_country-0 in -CONST--1 accord to an NE_publication-0 count compile from press report .
many hanging take place in public .
accord to NE_organization-0 NE_country-0 official execute at least -CONST--0 people in -CONST--1 .
NE_country-0 official have increase execution in -CONST--0 as official enforce a campaign purportedly aim at promote virtue and boost security in society .
capital offenses in NE_country-0 include murder , rape , arm robbery , serious drug traffic and adultery .
NE_country-0 serve as a transit route for drug trafficker from NE_country-1 and NE_country-2 to NE_country-3 and NE_continent-0 .
many NE_country-0 police be kill each year in clash with gang .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( ca )
international ; terrorism ; money ; crime
a NE_country-0 bank robber plead guilty on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 to steal an antique jewelry piece make for the -CONST--3 th century NE_country-1 empress NE_person-0 .
it be also reveal that the robber be fund NE_country-0 rebel in NE_country-1 .
NE_country-0 bank NE_person-0 plead guilty on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 to steal an antique jewelry piece make for the -CONST--3 th century NE_country-1 empress NE_person-1 .
NE_person-0 reveal that he be fund NE_country-0 rebel in NE_country-1 .
NE_person-0 plead guilty to -CONST--0 charge for involvement in fraud and bank heists .
the court be tell that NE_person-0 have funneled money from stolen credit card to NE_country-0 rebel in northern NE_country-1 .
accord to prosecutor NE_person-0 and -CONST--0 other NE_country-0 have traveled to NE_city-0 , NE_country-1 to use fraudulently obtain credit card and debit information to obtain cash .
NE_person-0 and the others then send the money to a man in NE_country-0 identify only as the boss .
NE_person-0 state that the boss plan to use that money to finance activity of NE_country-0 fighter and possibly other terrorist group .
this be in a wiretap transcript .
ENT_government-organization-0 attorney NE_person-0 tell NE_publication-0 that NE_person-1 's lawyer 's exact word be - the money go to the NE_country-0 freedom fighter in NE_country-1 .
NE_person-0 state that it be know that the money be use to fund terrorism .
NE_person-0 say NE_country-0 authority know the identity of the boss but have not reveal the identity to the NE_country-1 authority .
NE_person-0 say NE_person-1 be sentence to -CONST--0 year in prison for run a criminal organization .
NE_country-0 police recover the NE_product-0 from a NE_city-0 house during a raid in -CONST--0 -CONST--1 .
the raid be at the cusp of a -CONST--0 @-@ year investigation of a string of bank break @-@ ins across NE_country-0 .
the NE_product-0 be also call the -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 -CONST--3 .
the NE_product-0 be steal in -CONST--0 -CONST--1 from an alarm and secure glass display on exhibition at NE_castle-0 in NE_city-0 , NE_country-0 .
the exhibit have mark the centennial anniversary of the assassination of NE_person-0 .
NE_person-0 be better know as empress NE_person-1 .
NE_person-0 ( -CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 ) be the wife of emperor NE_person-1 and renowned for her tragic life , her beauty and ankle @-@ length hair , a strict diet and exercise regime to maintain her -CONST--2 @-@ inch ( 50 @-@ centimeter ) waistline .
NE_person-0 be also know for her series of repute lover .
NE_person-0 be stab in the heart by a young anarchist in NE_city-0 at age -CONST--0 .
NE_person-0 's last word be reportedly ENT_amr-unknown-0 happen to me ? .
trial be pending for -CONST--0 others in NE_person-0 's group link to mortgage , credit card and debit card fraud in NE_country-0 , NE_continent-0 and NE_continent-1 .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( ru )
international ; telecom ; technology ; crime ; ENT_government-organization-0 ; politics
NE_political-party-0 NE_person-0 state the party 's official website be attack by hackers .
NE_person-0 state a belief that the NE_country-0 presidential ENT_government-organization-0 be behind the attack that occur ahead of parliamentary election .
on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 union of rightist force party NE_person-0 state on a personal website that the official website NE_political-party-0 have come under a massive hacker attack and as a result have stop work .
NE_person-0 state that the character and scale of the hacker attack mean that the attack be part of an operation against the NE_political-party-0 that be be carry out accord to the plan of the NE_country-0 presidential ENT_government-organization-0 .
NE_person-0 state the NE_political-party-0 ' server be attack from -CONST--0 location around the world at an intensity of -CONST--1 to -CONST--2 connection per second .
NE_person-0 state the NE_political-party-0 ' website locate at -CONST--0 could resume function by -CONST--1 -CONST--2 -CONST--3 .
the NE_group-0 be a liberal opposition group which have denounce an official campaign against the NE_group-1 ahead of parliamentary election on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 )
narcotic ; crime
NE_country-0 have hang a convict drug dealer .
NE_country-0 have increase execution in recent month .
the NE_agency-0 news angecy report that late on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 NE_country-0 hang convict drug trafficker NE_person-0 .
NE_person-0 be hang in NE_city-0 .
NE_person-0 be carry -CONST--0 kilogram ( 4.5 pound ) of heroin .
NE_country-0 's NE_province-0 be consider a key transit point in the international opium and heroin trade .
NE_province-0 border NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 .
NE_province-0 be a southeastern province .
NE_city-0 be the capital of NE_province-0 .
NE_organization-0 report that at least -CONST--0 people be execute in NE_country-0 in -CONST--1 .
at least -CONST--0 have be hang in NE_country-0 in -CONST--1 .
the number 254 be tabulate with an NE_publication-0 count compile from press and witness report .
NE_country-0 have increase execution in recent month .
NE_country-0 official have launch a campaign aim at promote virtue and boost security in society .
capital offenses in NE_country-0 include murder , rape , arm robbery , serious drug traffic and adultery .
NE_country-0 be an NE_religious-group-0 republic .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 )
narcotic ; crime
NE_country-0 hang -CONST--0 drug trafficker , bring the total number of execution in NE_country-1 in -CONST--1 to -CONST--2 .
state news NE_agency-0 report that on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 NE_country-0 hang NE_person-0 and NE_person-1 .
NE_person-0 and NE_person-1 be convict of drug traffic in NE_city-0 .
the execution be NE_country-0 's most recent effort to increase public security .
NE_person-0 and NE_person-1 be execute in prison .
NE_person-0 and NE_person-1 be execute for traffic heroin in NE_province-0 .
NE_province-0 lie on a major narcotic route from NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 in southeastern NE_country-2 .
the total number of execution in NE_country-0 in -CONST--0 be 269 .
the number of execution in NE_country-0 in -CONST--0 be calculate by an NE_publication-0 count compile from press report .
many of those execute in NE_country-0 be hang in public .
in recent month NE_country-0 have increase execution .
NE_country-0 official be enforce a campaign against drug trafficker , extortionist and rapist .
NE_organization-0 state that NE_country-0 execute at least -CONST--0 people in -CONST--1 .
capital offenses in NE_country-0 include murder , rape , arm robbery , serious drug traffic and adultery .
NE_country-0 be an NE_religious-group-0 republic .
NE_city-0 be a city in southeastern NE_country-0 .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( fr ) ; NE_country-1 ( cn )
technology ; energy ; international ; business
NE_country-0 president NE_person-0 respond to international concern over NE_company-0 's decision to deliver nuclear reactor to NE_country-1 .
NE_person-0 state that NE_country-0 official will be strategic partner with NE_country-1 official .
nuclear NE_company-0 of NE_country-0 announce on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 that NE_company-1 have agree to deliver -CONST--3 ENT_ordinal-entity-0 @-@ generation nuclear reactor to NE_country-1 as part of a package of deal worth -CONST--4 euros ( 11.9 billion dollar ) .
NE_company-0 sign the reactor agreement with NE_company-1 ( cgnpc ) in a ceremony in NE_city-0 attend by NE_person-0 and NE_country-0 president NE_person-1 .
the agreement be reach after month of expectation that NE_country-0 would buy -CONST--0 NE_continent-0 pressurized water reactor ( eprs ) from NE_company-0 .
the eprs will be deliver by the end of -CONST--0 and -CONST--1 , respectively .
NE_company-0 also agree to transfer ENT_ordinal-entity-0 generation nuclear technology to NE_company-1 the equipment in NE_country-0 through a joint venture .
on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 NE_country-0 president NE_person-0 state to student at NE_city-0 's elite NE_university-0 that NE_country-1 and NE_country-2 official will create a joint venture in the nuclear field .
NE_person-0 state --
NE_person-0 be not worry about technology transfer .
NE_country-0 official would share advanced technology with NE_country-1 official to form the basis of a win @-@ win situation .
the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 be neither a customer nor a supplier but a strategic partner .
NE_person-0 's comment contrast concern express by other foreigner that foreign technology may be take by a potential NE_country-0 partner and the -CONST--0 firm would then be deny any future profit .
the NE_country-0 government be intent on develop NE_country-1 technology in many high @-@ tech industry include aerospace and auto so as not to be reliant on foreign company and ensure NE_country-2 ENT_government-organization-0 can cut cost .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( es ) , NE_country-1 ( ru )
international ; weapon ; proliferation ; politics ; ENT_government-organization-0
the ENT_government-organization-0 of NE_country-0 will seek a compromise on NE_country-1 's plan suspension of a key arm control treaty .
NE_country-0 president NE_person-0 state that the decision to cease implementation of the NE_treaty-0 be a response to NE_country-1 plan to establish missile defense site in NE_world-region-0 and to NE_military-0 's failure to ratify an amend version of the -CONST--0 .
a senior government official of NE_country-0 state that the ENT_government-organization-0 will use informal discussion outside of meeting at the NE_organization-0 conference to seek a compromise to NE_country-1 's threat to suspend its participation in the NE_treaty-0 .
the NE_treaty-0 be consider a key arm control treaty .
the treaty limit the deployment of tank , aircraft and other heavy weapon across the continent .
approximately -CONST--0 foreign minister from the -CONST--1 @-@ nation security and democracy agency NE_organization-0 be participate in the -CONST--2 @-@ day meet that commence -CONST--3 -CONST--4 -CONST--5 in NE_city-0 , NE_country-0 .
NE_country-0 currently hold the rotate presidency of the NE_organization-0 .
earlier in -CONST--0 the ENT_government-organization-0 of NE_country-0 state that as of -CONST--1 -CONST--2 it would cease implementation of the NE_treaty-0 .
NE_country-0 president NE_person-0 state that the decision be a response to NE_country-1 plan to establish missile defense site in NE_world-region-0 and to NE_military-0 's failure to ratify an amend version of the treaty .
NE_country-0 's director for NE_government-organization-0 NE_person-0 state that a meet of high @-@ rank official from nation that have sign the treaty would take place on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 in an effort to reach a solution .
NE_person-0 state to reporter --
the meet must be handle with prudence because the issue be difficult .
there have be many contact between the most concern country with the NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 .
there have be advance but no solution .
last week NE_country-0 foreign minister NE_person-0 state that there be a desire among all party include NE_country-1 to reach an agreement on the issue .
the NE_treaty-0 be sign on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 in NE_city-0 by the NE_military-0 ( nato ) and the NE_military-1 .
NE_military-0 and NE_military-1 nation be the -CONST--0 oppose bloc during the NE_war-0 .
the treaty be amend in -CONST--0 after the collapse of the NE_country-0 .
NE_country-0 ratify the update treaty in -CONST--0 but the NE_country-1 and other NE_military-0 member have refuse to do so argue that NE_city-0 must ENT_ordinal-entity-0 fulfill obligation to withdraw force from NE_country-2 and from NE_country-3 's separatist NE_country-region-0 .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( ru ) ; NE_country-1 ( kz )
politics ; international ; weapon
NE_country-0 's decision to suspend its participation in the NE_treaty-0 and NE_country-1 's bid to assume the chairmanship of the NE_organization-0 will be the focus of the upcoming ENT_temporal-quantity-0 NE_organization-1 conference .
NE_country-0 as current president will lead meeting to reach solution .
NE_country-0 's decision to suspend its participation in a key arm control treaty and NE_country-1 's bid for chairmanship of the NE_organization-0 ( osce ) will be -CONST--0 of the major issue discuss at the NE_organization-1 conference in NE_city-0 , NE_country-2 to occur on -CONST--1 -CONST--2 -CONST--3 and -CONST--4 -CONST--5 -CONST--6 .
the NE_organization-0 conference will be attend by foreign minister of the -CONST--0 member nation .
the NE_organization-0 monitor issue regard international security and democracy .
earlier in -CONST--0 the ENT_government-organization-0 of NE_country-0 announce it will suspend implementation of the NE_treaty-0 as of -CONST--1 -CONST--2 .
the treaty be a key pact limit the deployment of tank , aircraft and other weapon across NE_continent-0 .
NE_country-0 president NE_person-0 have state the suspension be a response to NE_country-1 plan to establish missile defense site in NE_country-2 and the NE_country-3 and to the deployment of NE_country-4 and other NE_military-0 force in former NE_country-5 republic in NE_continent-0 .
the NE_organization-0 feature a rotate presidency and NE_country-0 be the current president .
NE_country-0 plan to hold a meet outside the conference agenda in order to reach a solution regard NE_country-1 's plan suspension of the treaty .
NE_country-0 and the NE_country-1 be member of the NE_organization-0 .
last week NE_country-0 foreign minister NE_person-0 state that there be a desire among all party include NE_country-1 to reach an agreement .
the -CONST--0 treaty originally set limit on weapon for NE_military-0 and NE_military-1 country .
the treaty be revise in -CONST--0 after the collapse of the NE_country-0 .
to be discuss will be the role of the NE_organization-0 's election monitor unit follow its decision earlier in -CONST--0 -CONST--1 to boycott the NE_government-organization-0 election in NE_country-0 to be hold on -CONST--2 -CONST--3 -CONST--4 .
the NE_organization-0 's NE_organization-1 ( odihr ) defend the decision to boycott cite NE_country-0 authority ' delay in issue visa and unwarranted restriction impose on the osce observation mission .
on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 NE_person-0 state that the NE_organization-0 have canceled its plan vote monitor on the recommendation of the NE_country-0 NE_government-organization-0 and that the aim be to discredit the election .
NE_country-0 have deny obstruct the observer and have state the election will conform with russian law .
NE_country-0 's bid to assume the rotate chairmanship of the NE_organization-0 in -CONST--0 be expect to be a major topic of discussion at the conference .
NE_country-0 's bid for the NE_organization-0 chairmanship be the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 bid from a former NE_country-1 nation .
the ENT_government-organization-0 of NE_country-0 have lobby for the chairmanship argue ENT_government-organization-1 have a stable political situation , multilateral foreign policy and strong economy distinguish it from other former NE_country-1 country .
several NE_organization-0 member state have question NE_country-0 's democratic credentials .
NE_country-0 be an oil @-@ rich country .
head of the NE_group-0 in NE_country-0 's capital NE_city-0 be NE_person-0 .
NE_person-0 state that NE_country-0 's chance of win its bid for the chairmanship be considerably reduce after its last general election be not recognize as conform to NE_organization-0 standard .
NE_country-0 president NE_person-0 's political NE_political-party-0 win all the seat in the parliamentary election held in -CONST--0 -CONST--1 .
the choice of the NE_organization-0 chairmanship be make by consensus .
opposition by -CONST--0 country would be enough to deny NE_country-0 the chairmanship .
NE_country-0 NE_newspaper-0 report on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 that NE_organization-0 official will offer NE_country-1 a deal organize by NE_country-2 would assume the rotate chairmanship in -CONST--3 or -CONST--4 .
NE_organization-0 spokeswoman NE_person-0 state that such a deal be -CONST--0 scenario among -CONST--1 or -CONST--2 others .
NE_country-0 's NE_government-organization-0 insist the country be still seek the chairmanship for -CONST--0 .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( vn )
narcotic ; crime
-CONST--0 people be sentence to death in NE_country-0 for drug traffic in -CONST--1 different trial on -CONST--2 -CONST--3 , -CONST--4 .
court official state on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 that -CONST--3 people have be sentence to death in NE_country-0 for drug traffic in -CONST--4 different trial .
-CONST--0 people include -CONST--1 women be give the death penalty in NE_city-0 for traffic -CONST--2 kilogram or 968 pound of heroin .
-CONST--0 other member of the same drug traffic ring be jail for life and -CONST--1 receive term from -CONST--2 month to -CONST--3 year at the -CONST--4 day trial which end on -CONST--5 -CONST--6 , -CONST--7 .
the ring be find guilty of sell heroin in NE_city-0 and NE_city-1 from -CONST--0 until the arrest early in -CONST--1 .
on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 in the central NE_province-0 a court sentence -CONST--3 people to death and jail -CONST--4 others for life after the individual be find guilty of traffic heroin accord to an official at the provincial court after a -CONST--5 day trial .
NE_country-0 give the death penalty to anyone caught with more than -CONST--0 gram of heroin or more than -CONST--1 kilogram of opium .
-CONST--0 people have be put on death row in NE_country-0 since the begin of -CONST--1 .
in -CONST--0 NE_country-0 sentence at least -CONST--1 people to death mostly for drug traffic and murder .
NE_country-0 be a communist nation .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( vn )
narcotic ; crime
state media say on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 that -CONST--3 people be sentence to death .
a NE_country-0 court find them guilty on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 of traffic more than -CONST--3 kilogram ( 154 pound ) of heroin .
state media say on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 that -CONST--3 people be sentence to death .
a NE_country-0 court find them guilty on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 of traffic more than -CONST--3 kilogram ( 154 pound ) of heroin .
the NE_political-party-0 's ENT_temporal-quantity-0 NE_newspaper-0 say that judge in the -CONST--0 @-@ day trial in the northern NE_province-0 hand life prison term to -CONST--1 others .
another -CONST--0 member of the same gang be jail for between -CONST--1 month and -CONST--2 year .
the defendant be convict of traffic the heroin from several northern province between -CONST--0 and -CONST--1 -CONST--2 .
several of the defendant be relate .
-CONST--0 people be sentence to death on -CONST--1 -CONST--2 , -CONST--3 for drug traffic in two different trial in NE_city-0 and the central NE_province-0 .
another -CONST--0 be jail for life .
possession of more than -CONST--0 gram ( 21 ounce ) of heroin or more than -CONST--1 kilogram ( 44 pound ) of opium be punishable by death in NE_country-0 .
at least -CONST--0 people have be sentence to death since the start of -CONST--1 accord to figure compile by NE_publication-0 from official and state media .
the death sentence be mostly for drug traffic and murder .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( islamic republic of ) ( ir )
narcotic ; crime
NE_country-0 official hang -CONST--0 convict drug trafficker and -CONST--1 convict rapist in public in NE_city-0 on -CONST--2 -CONST--3 -CONST--4 .
a large number of recent execution in NE_country-0 have be in public .
state news NE_agency-0 report that NE_country-0 official publicly hang -CONST--0 convict drug trafficker and -CONST--1 convict rapist in the clerical NE_city-0 on -CONST--2 -CONST--3 -CONST--4 .
the drug trafficker be identify as NE_person-0 and NE_person-1 and be hang for traffic more than -CONST--0 kilogram ( 220 pound ) of heroin .
the rapist be identify as NE_person-0 and have also be convict of drug traffic .
police force commander of NE_province-0 NE_person-0 state to the crowd during the hanging that the police be serious in the policy of decisively combating thug and drug trafficker .
accord to an NE_publication-0 count compile from press report the hanging bring the total number of execution in NE_country-0 in -CONST--0 to -CONST--1 .
execution have increase in NE_country-0 in -CONST--0 as official enforce a campaign against what the authority call thug such as drug @-@ trafficker , extortionist and rapist .
NE_country-0 official execute at least -CONST--0 people in -CONST--1 accord to NE_organization-0 .
a large number of the execution have be public include the hang of -CONST--0 killer in NE_city-0 center .
the public execution serve as warning by the authority of the seriousness of the campaign against criminal .
NE_country-0 be the most prolific applier of the death penalty in the world after NE_country-1 .
capital offenses in NE_country-0 include murder , rape , arm robbery , drug traffic and adultery .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( fr ) ; NE_country-1 ( dz )
international ; ENT_government-organization-0 ; energy ; politics ; money ; business
NE_country-0 president tour NE_country-1 to sign -CONST--0 of dollar in oil and gas deal and a nuclear accord .
NE_person-0 call colonialist occupation unjust but refrain from apologize for atrocity .
on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 on day -CONST--3 of a state visit to NE_country-0 by french president NE_person-0 the ENT_government-organization-0 of NE_country-1 and NE_country-2 sign -CONST--4 of dollar of oil and gas deal and a nuclear accord .
one of the purpose of the visit be an effort to address damage done to NE_country-0 by NE_country-1 colonialist conquest and occupation .
on the tour NE_person-0 promote a new economic partnership with the energy @-@ rich NE_world-region-0 nation and underscore historic tension between NE_country-0 and its former colony NE_country-1 .
on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 NE_person-0 be applaud at an NE_city-0 business forum for a speech denounce colonialism as unjust .
NE_person-0 do not apologize for the atrocity commit by NE_country-0 troop and settler during NE_country-1 's -CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 war of independence .
follow a visit to the NE_organization-0 archaeological site of NE_city-0 west of NE_city-1 NE_person-0 's delegation hold meeting in which contract worth approximately -CONST--0 NE_country-0 dollar be finalize .
NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 official sign a wide @-@ range accord on civil nuclear energy that address the use and development of nuclear energy for peaceful end .
the civil nuclear energy accord be describe by a french source as the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 between the ENT_government-organization-0 of NE_country-0 and an NE_ethnic-group-0 @-@ NE_religious-group-0 country .
the deal address research , technology transfer and electricity production , as well as prospect and dig for uranium .
among the myriad gas and oil accord NE_country-0 oil NE_company-0 sign a deal to invest -CONST--0 NE_country-1 dollar ( 1 billion euro ) in a new petrochemical plant in NE_country-2 .
accord to the deal NE_company-0 in partnership with NE_country-0 's NE_company-1 will develop a plant at the NE_port-0 west of the NE_city-0 at a total estimate cost of -CONST--0 NE_country-1 dollar .
NE_company-0 ( gdf ) state that it extend its exist gas contract with NE_company-1 from -CONST--0 to -CONST--1 in a deal worth approximately -CONST--2 euro per year at current market price .
as head of a consortium that include the NE_country-0 NE_firm-0 the NE_company-0 finalize a deal with NE_country-1 for a combined cycle gas turbine power plant to be build in the western NE_country-region-0 .
NE_country-0 rule NE_country-1 from -CONST--0 to -CONST--1 .
NE_country-0 become -CONST--0 of NE_country-1 's proudest possession .
NE_country-0 populate NE_country-1 with -CONST--0 of -CONST--1 of settler .
NE_country-0 be the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 biggest country in NE_continent-0 .
the ENT_government-organization-0 of NE_country-0 and its former colony have maintain an uneasy relationship since -CONST--0 .
-CONST--0 year later plan for a friendship treaty remain stall over NE_country-0 's refusal to apologize for past event .
in his speech on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 200 NE_person-0 state that the colonial system be profoundly unjust and contrary to the -CONST--2 found word of the NE_country-0 which be freedom , equality and brotherhood .
NE_person-0 state that within that system there be many men and women who love NE_country-0 before they be force to leave it .
NE_country-0 interior minister NE_person-0 state that while NE_person-1 's remark be a sign of progress they be not sufficient .
during a state lunch with NE_person-0 the NE_country-0 president NE_person-1 be more positive .
NE_person-0 call NE_person-1 NE_thing-0 and dear friend .
NE_person-0 state that this visit would allow NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 to overcome problem in the relationship .
NE_person-0 stress the potential for scientific , technological and economic cooperation between NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 state that both country have a duty to promote an exchange of people , idea and wealth .
NE_person-0 state that the estimate -CONST--0 NE_country-0 migrant and their NE_country-1 @-@ born descendant should serve as a bridge between the 2 country .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( mm )
international ; ENT_government-organization-0 ; narcotic ; crime
authority in NE_country-0 raid -CONST--0 poppy field and arrest -CONST--1 opium poppy farmer during ENT_government-organization-0 effort to reduce opium production on NE_country-1 .
state media in NE_country-0 state security force arrest -CONST--0 opium farmer during raid in poppy field in eastern NE_country-1 on -CONST--1 november -CONST--2 .
NE_newspaper-0 state --
police and soldier raid -CONST--0 poppy field in eastern NE_state-0 which be part of the NE_world-region-0 on the border of NE_country-0 , NE_country-1 and NE_country-2 .
the NE_world-region-0 be 1 of the world 's biggest producer of opium .
the authority have already destroy approximately -CONST--0 of the -CONST--1 acre ( 57 hectare ) plant with poppy and plan be under way to destroy the remain poppy field .
NE_country-0 be the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 largest opium producer in the world after NE_country-1 .
the NE_organization-0 ( unodc ) state that in -CONST--0 opium production jump by -CONST--1 ENT_percentage-entity-0 after ENT_temporal-quantity-0 of sharp decline .
NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 have state NE_country-1 will become opium @-@ free by -CONST--0 .
the NE_organization-0 state NE_country-0 's production have fall behind NE_country-1 in recent year and now account for only -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 of the world opium market , compare to -CONST--1 ENT_percentage-entity-1 in -CONST--2 .
the NE_organization-0 state NE_country-0 have be opium free for -CONST--0 year while NE_country-1 have slash opium production by -CONST--1 ENT_percentage-entity-0 since -CONST--2 .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( islamic republic of ) ( ir )
narcotic ; crime
NE_country-0 authority hang -CONST--0 convict drug trafficker in NE_city-0 .
NE_country-0 be the most prolific applier of the death penalty in the world after NE_country-1 .
state television report NE_country-0 authority hang -CONST--0 convict drug trafficker in the northeastern NE_city-0 on -CONST--1 -CONST--2 -CONST--3 .
the channel state the -CONST--0 be also guilty of alcohol @-@ related crime and illegal sexual relation .
-CONST--0 convict be hang in public .
the channel show still image of the hang of -CONST--0 convict from a crane in front of large crowd .
the channel broadcast an image of the -CONST--0 other criminal hang from a frame in a prison yard .
an NE_publication-0 count compile from iranian press report show the execution bring the number of people hang in NE_country-0 in -CONST--0 to approximately -CONST--1 .
many of the people execute be hang in public .
NE_organization-0 state NE_country-0 authority execute approximately -CONST--0 people in -CONST--1 .
the NE_religious-group-0 republic be the most prolific applier of the death penalty in the world after NE_country-0 .
capital offenses in NE_country-0 include murder , rape , arm robbery , serious drug traffic and adultery .
execution have increase noticeably in -CONST--0 as official enforce a campaign against what authority call thug such as drug @-@ trafficker , extortionist and rapist .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( ru ) ; NE_country-1 ( ly )
energy ; international
NE_country-0 offer to help NE_country-1 on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 in its pursuit of nuclear energy and announce a visit to NE_country-2 this weekend by foreign minister NE_person-0 .
a report say that NE_country-0 offer to help NE_country-1 on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 in its pursuit of nuclear energy and announce a visit to NE_country-2 this weekend by foreign minister NE_person-0 .
NE_government-organization-0 spokesman NE_person-0 say that NE_country-0 be ready to help NE_country-1 realize its endure right to attain civilian nuclear energy .
this be accord to the NE_agency-0 news agency .
NE_person-0 say NE_person-1 would visit NE_country-0 for -CONST--0 day and would meet NE_person-2 's libyan NE_counterpart-0 for discussion on a range of issue .
the spokesman say there will be an exchange of opinion on topical international and regional matter based on a joint work relationship at the heart of the NE_organization-0
NE_country-0 be one of -CONST--0 new member elect in -CONST--1 -CONST--2 as non @-@ permanent member of the NE_organization-0 for -CONST--3 and -CONST--4 .
NE_person-0 say NE_country-0 recognize the participation of NE_country-1 in the work of the NE_organization-0 .
it bring a contribution to the reinforcement of the non @-@ proliferation regime and the maintenance of peace in NE_continent-0 .
the spokesman say NE_country-0 be ready to cooperate tightly with NE_country-1 at the heart of the NE_organization-0 .
NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 have share policy towards a majority of international problem .
NE_country-0 be accuse of seek to acquire weapon of mass destruction by NE_world-region-0 ENT_government-organization-0 .
NE_country-0 NE_person-0 renounce in late -CONST--0 all attempt to develop a non @-@ conventional arsenal .
NE_person-0 initiate the lift of NE_world-region-0 sanction and the restoration of diplomatic relation .
NE_country-0 be not the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 NE_continent-0 power to show it be keen to promote its nuclear technology in NE_country-1 as foreign company engage in fierce competition to make a profit in NE_country-2 after its -CONST--0 year of isolation .
NE_country-0 announce in early -CONST--0 -CONST--1 plan to sell nuclear reactor to NE_country-1 .
president NE_person-0 welcome NE_person-1 for a -CONST--0 @-@ day visit to NE_city-0 .
the visit draw protest from right group and senior politician .
they accuse NE_person-0 of betray the human right cause by bestow international respectability on NE_person-1 's NE_country-0 .
NE_person-0 have reconcile with the NE_world-region-0 after renounce terrorism .
NE_country-0 be implicate in the -CONST--0 bomb of a NE_company-0 airliner over the NE_country-1 NE_town-0 and of a NE_country-2 passenger jet over NE_country-3 .
the NE_country-0 agree to the nuclear energy deal between NE_country-1 and NE_country-2 .
the NE_country-0 say NE_country-1 expect NE_country-2 to respect its decision to renounce weapon of mass destruction .
the NE_country-0 announce in -CONST--0 a full normalization of tie and lift NE_country-1 from a NE_government-organization-0 list of state sponsor of terrorism and raise diplomatic relation to the level of ambassador .
NE_country-0 on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 start nuclear fuel delivery to NE_country-1 's ENT_ordinal-entity-0 atomic power station .
NE_city-0 defy international pressure by announce plan to produce more fuel for its nuclear program .
NE_country-0 's announcement that fuel have be send to the unfinished NE_station-0 power station mark progression for NE_country-1 's nuclear ambition .
NE_world-region-0 and NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 fear that it mask a secret bomb @-@ make project .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 offer to help NE_country-1 in pursuit of nuclear energy
energy ; international ; politics
NE_country-0 have offer to help NE_country-1 in its pursuit of nuclear energy .
a visit to NE_country-0 by the NE_country-1 foreign minister be announce .
a report say NE_country-0 offer on ENT_date-entity-0 to help NE_country-1 in the pursuit of nuclear energy and announce a visit to NE_country-2 this weekend by foreign minister NE_person-0 .
NE_country-0 NE_government-organization-0 spokesman NE_person-0 say the NE_country-1 be ready to help NE_country-2 realize civilian nuclear energy .
NE_person-0 say NE_person-1 would visit NE_country-0 for -CONST--0 day start from ENT_date-entity-0 and would meet libyan foreign minister NE_person-2 for discussion on a range of issue .
NE_person-0 say there will be an exchange of opinion on topical international and regional matter based on a joint work relationship at the heart of the NE_organization-0 .
NE_person-0 say the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 salute the participation of NE_country-1 in the work of the NE_organization-0 and that NE_country-2 bring a contribution to the reinforcement of the non @-@ proliferation regime and the maintenance of peace in NE_continent-0 .
NE_country-0 be 1 of -CONST--0 new member elect in ENT_date-entity-0 as non @-@ permanent member of the NE_organization-0 for ENT_date-entity-1 and ENT_date-entity-2 .
NE_person-0 say the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 be ready to cooperate tightly with NE_country-1 at the heart of the NE_organization-0 and maintain share policy towards a majority of international problem .
NE_country-0 be long accuse by NE_world-region-0 ENT_government-organization-0 of seek to acquire weapon of mass destruction .
in late ENT_date-entity-0 NE_country-0 NE_person-0 renounce all attempt to develop a non @-@ conventional arsenal and thus clear the way for the lift of NE_world-region-0 sanction and the restoration of diplomatic relation .
NE_country-0 be not the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 NE_continent-0 power to show interest in promote nuclear knowledge in NE_country-1 as foreign company engage in fierce competition to make a profit in NE_country-2 after the NE_world-region-0 country 's -CONST--0 year of isolation .
NE_country-0 earlier in ENT_date-entity-0 announce plan to sell nuclear reactor to NE_country-1 and president NE_person-0 welcome NE_person-1 for a -CONST--0 @-@ day visit to NE_city-0 .
the visit draw fierce protest from right group as well as senior politician who accuse NE_person-0 of betray the human right cause by bestow international respectability on NE_person-1 's NE_country-0 .
the NE_country-0 show approval of the nuclear energy deal between NE_country-1 and NE_country-2 by say it expect NE_country-3 to respect the decision to renounce weapon of mass destruction .
NE_person-0 have patch up relation with NE_world-region-0 nation after renounce terrorism .
NE_country-0 be implicate in the ENT_date-entity-0 bomb of a NE_company-0 airliner over the NE_country-1 NE_town-0 and of a NE_country-2 passenger jet over NE_country-3 .
the NE_country-0 in ENT_date-entity-0 announce a full normalization of tie and lift NE_country-1 from a NE_government-organization-0 list of state sponsor of terrorism while raise diplomatic relation to the level of ambassador .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( ly ) ; NE_country-1 )
energy ; international ; politics
NE_country-0 foreign minister NE_person-0 engage in talk with NE_country-1 foreign minister NE_person-1 on the development of a nuclear energy program in NE_city-0 .
russian official state that NE_country-0 be ready to help NE_country-1 realize the right to attain civil nuclear energy .
NE_country-0 foreign minister NE_person-0 arrive in NE_country-1 on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 for talk with libyan foreign minister NE_person-1 on the development of a nuclear energy program in NE_city-0 .
NE_person-0 meet NE_person-1 at NE_airport-0 military airport outside NE_city-0 at the start of the trip .
a NE_country-0 official state NE_person-0 be due to meet prime minister NE_person-1 .
russian official announce NE_person-0 's visit and state on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 that NE_country-0 be ready to help NE_country-1 realize the right to attain civil nuclear energy .
a NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 spokesman state on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 that NE_person-0 would hold discussion on a range of international and regional issue .
the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 renounce effort to acquire weapon of mass destruction in -CONST--0 to repair trouble relation with the NE_world-region-0 .
the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 and foreign company be compete to profit from nuclear knowledge in NE_country-1 after NE_country-2 's isolation since -CONST--0 end .
the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 in -CONST--0 -CONST--1 announce plan to sell nuclear reactor to NE_country-1 and president NE_person-0 welcome NE_person-1 for a -CONST--2 @-@ day visit to NE_city-0 .
human right group protest NE_person-0 's visit and senior politician state NE_person-1 be bestow international respectability on NE_country-0 .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( vn )
international ; narcotic ; crime ; ENT_government-organization-0
NE_country-0 have sentence -CONST--0 drug smuggler to receive the death penalty from ENT_date-entity-0 until ENT_date-entity-1 .
a NE_country-0 court official state on ENT_date-entity-0 that NE_country-1 have sentence -CONST--0 heroin trafficker and have raise total number drug smuggler to receive the death penalty to -CONST--1 people from ENT_date-entity-1 until ENT_date-entity-2 .
a NE_government-organization-0 clerk state to the NE_publication-0 that the NE_government-organization-1 jail -CONST--0 other people in the most recent mass trial for traffic heroin across NE_country-0 's mountainous northern region for over -CONST--1 year .
a NE_government-organization-0 clerk state to the NE_publication-0 that -CONST--0 of the -CONST--1 people jail in the most recent mass trial receive life sentence .
during the most recent mass trial in NE_government-organization-0 it be state that the drug smuggle gang work on a common drug traffic route to smuggle the heroin from the northwestern NE_province-0 near the NE_country-0 border to the capital NE_city-0 , the NE_port-0 and to NE_city-1 .
since late ENT_date-entity-0 the NE_country-0 court have sentence at least -CONST--0 people to death and jail score more in several group trial against heroin smuggle syndicate , extend family and clan network .
NE_country-0 's police state that the vietnamese police have uncover more than -CONST--0 drug traffic case involve -CONST--1 offender in ENT_date-entity-0 .
the NE_publication-0 report that the NE_government-organization-0 state that foreigner involve in drug traffic case in NE_country-0 come mostly from NE_country-1 , NE_country-2 , NE_continent-0 , NE_country-3 , the NE_country-4 and NE_country-5 .
the NE_publication-0 report that the NE_government-organization-0 state that police admit that drug traffic into NE_country-0 be increase but action to prevent and stop the drug traffic along the border remain limit .
NE_country-0 's mountainous northwest region account for almost half of the confiscate heroin in NE_country-1 while the NE_country-2 border area be identify as another highly active drug smuggle region in NE_country-3 .
expert state that heroin be the most popular illegal drug in NE_country-0 and heroin be the lead cause of NE_disease-0 infection because heroin be often inject with share needle .
expert state that most heroin in NE_country-0 come from the NE_world-region-0 of country that include NE_country-1 and NE_country-2 .
communist NE_country-0 and most NE_continent-0 country impose harsh penalty for drug smuggler .
people catch with over -CONST--0 grammes of heroin or -CONST--1 kilogrammes of opium in NE_country-0 be sentence to death by fire squad .
opium be the raw material use to make heroin .
NE_country-0 have -CONST--0 century @-@ old history of opium use and the cultivation of opium be vastly expand under NE_country-1 colonial rule . during the NE_war-0 the heroin that travel from the nearby NE_world-region-0 to NE_world-region-1 market rise sharply .
the post @-@ NE_war-0 NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 mostly eradicate large @-@ scale opium cultivation and in ENT_date-entity-0 estimate that little more than -CONST--0 hectare of opium poppy field remain in ENT_government-organization-1 .
the opium poppy field remain in ENT_date-entity-0 in NE_country-0 be mostly grow by remote and poor ethnic minority villager .
expert state that NE_country-0 's proximity to NE_country-1 and NE_country-2 and NE_country-3 's porous border and long coastline have make NE_country-4 a major drug transit country .
NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 be still the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 and ENT_ordinal-entity-1 largest opium NE_country-2 .
domestic drug abuse in NE_country-0 have rise sharply since the decade of ENT_date-entity-0 .
the NE_organization-0 state that domestic drug abuse in NE_country-0 have rise sharply especially in the city where heroin continue to be the prefer drug among younger drug abusers .
in a ENT_date-entity-0 report the NE_organization-0 state that opium smoke have long give way to heroin smoke and increasingly heroin injection in NE_country-0 .
heroin injection currently cause approximately -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 of NE_disease-0 infection in NE_country-0 .
the state @-@ run NE_language-0 NE_newspaper-0 ENT_temporal-quantity-0 report on ENT_date-entity-0 that in the NE_country-0 @-@ NE_country-1 border NE_province-0 the authority have recently launch a major campaign against the rise in heroin smuggle activity .
villager in NE_province-0 have be ask to sign pledge not to grow opium poppy , not to use opium , and not to help smuggler carry or sell drug .
the state @-@ run NE_language-0 NE_newspaper-0 ENT_temporal-quantity-0 report that drug trafficker have become more sophisticated and dangerous and that some drug trafficker be ready to attack police with firearm and grenade .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( vn )
narcotic ; crime
-CONST--0 sentence to death and -CONST--1 for life in prison for traffic heroin in NE_country-0 .
on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 a vietnamese court official state that NE_country-0 have sentence -CONST--3 heroin trafficker to death .
now more than -CONST--0 drug trafficker have receive the death penalty in NE_country-0 over the last month .
heroin be the most used illegal drug in NE_country-0
most heroin in NE_country-0 be from NE_world-region-0 NE_country-1 and NE_country-2 .
heroin in NE_country-0 be most often inject with share needle .
heroin be the lead cause of NE_disease-0 infection in NE_country-0 .
the NE_government-organization-0 imprison -CONST--0 other heroin trafficker .
-CONST--0 be imprison for life .
a court clerk state that the -CONST--0 be imprison for traffic approximately -CONST--1 kilogram ( 42 pound ) of heroin across NE_country-0 's mountainous north over -CONST--2 year .
the court hear that --
the gang utilize a common traffic route .
the gang have smuggle heroin from NE_province-0 and sell it in NE_city-0 and NE_city-1 .
NE_country-0 impose harsh penalty for drug smuggler .
most NE_continent-0 country impose harsh penalty for drug smuggler .
smuggler apprehend with more than -CONST--0 gram of heroin or -CONST--1 kilogram of opium be sentence to death by fire squad .
since late -CONST--0 -CONST--1 NE_country-0 court have sentence at least -CONST--2 people to death and jail many others .
the sentence be make in several group trial against heroin smuggle syndicate .
the syndicate be often extend family and clan network .
NE_country-0 be communist .
NE_city-0 be the capital of NE_country-0 .
NE_city-0 be a port city in NE_country-0 .
opium be the raw material of heroin .
NE_province-0 be locate in the northwestern highland of NE_country-0 near the NE_country-1 border .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( ir )
narcotic ; crime
a newspaper report on -CONST--0 , -CONST--1 that NE_country-0 hang -CONST--2 convict drug trafficker in the southeastern NE_city-0 .
this bring the number of execution for -CONST--0 to at least -CONST--1 .
a newspaper report on -CONST--0 , -CONST--1 that NE_country-0 hang -CONST--2 convict drug trafficker in the southeastern NE_city-0 .
this bring the number of execution for -CONST--0 to at least -CONST--1 .
the hardline NE_newspaper-0 say the men be identify as NE_person-0 and NE_person-1 and be hang in prison on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 for traffic -CONST--3 kilo ( 130 pound ) of heroin .
an NE_publication-0 count compile from local press report state that the execution bring the number of people hang in NE_country-0 in -CONST--0 to at least -CONST--1 .
this figure well exceed the 177 convict criminal execute in -CONST--0 accord to NE_organization-0 .
NE_country-0 be currently the leader in death penalty execution after NE_country-1 .
the number of execution increase in NE_country-0 last year amid a campaign that be aim at improve security in society .
the campaign have be aim at arrest drug @-@ trafficker , rapist and those deem a social menace .
-CONST--0 of such criminal have be hang in public .
several execution have occur in major city .
capital offence in NE_country-0 include murder , rape , arm robbery , serious drug traffic and adultery .
right group have accuse NE_country-0 of employ the death penalty excessively .
authority say capital punishment be an effective deterrent that be only use after an exhaustive judicial process .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( ir )
narcotic ; crime
ENT_government-organization-0 of NE_country-0 hang -CONST--0 drug trafficker in grow number of execution .
the mark increase in execution in NE_country-0 since -CONST--0 be defend by the ENT_government-organization-0 as a mean of increase security and criticize by human right group as excessive .
the ENT_government-organization-0 of NE_country-0 hang -CONST--0 convict drug trafficker on -CONST--1 -CONST--2 -CONST--3 .
the -CONST--0 hanging be the most recent in an increase number of execution in NE_country-0 .
NE_country-0 be an NE_religious-group-0 republic .
NE_country-0 state media report --
-CONST--0 of the -CONST--1 drug trafficker be hang in a public square in the central NE_city-0 .
-CONST--0 of the -CONST--1 drug trafficker be hang in the eastern NE_city-0 .
the hanging be the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 NE_country-0 execution to be report in -CONST--0 .
the NE_agency-0 news agency state that the -CONST--0 drug trafficker hang in NE_city-0 be --
NE_person-0 convict of traffic -CONST--0 gram ( 1 pound ) of heroin .
NE_person-0 who traffic -CONST--0 gram ( 0.3 pound ) of heroin .
NE_person-0 convict of smuggle -CONST--0 gram ( 1.3 pound ) .
local judiciary official NE_person-0 state that by implement NE_person-1 's law the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 be increase security in society and send a message that violate the law will not be tolerate in NE_city-0 .
state media do not identify the -CONST--0 convict hang in NE_city-0 but state that they have be find guilty of transport -CONST--1 kilogram ( 11.5 pound ) of heroin .
NE_country-0 law administer severe penalty for drug traffic .
a person find guilty of smuggle more than -CONST--0 gram ( 0.06 pound ) of heroin or -CONST--1 kilogram ( 11 pound ) of opium may receive the death penalty .
accord to an NE_publication-0 figure compile from press report the ENT_government-organization-0 of NE_country-0 execute at least -CONST--0 people in -CONST--1 .
the total be a mark increase from -CONST--0 in which 177 people be execute accord to NE_organization-0 .
the number of execution increase dramatically in -CONST--0 amid a campaign which NE_country-0 authority state be aim at improve security in society .
NE_country-0 currently administer the death penalty more than any other country besides NE_country-1 .
capital offenses in NE_country-0 include murder , rape , arm robbery , serious drug traffic and adultery .
human right group have accuse NE_country-0 of excessive resort to the death penalty but iranian authority state that capital punishment be an effective deterrent that be use only after an exhaustive judicial process .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( cn ) ; NE_country-1 )
proliferation ; international ; military
NE_country-0 expert report NE_country-1 plan to dispatch troop to NE_country-2 and secure NE_country-3 's nuclear arsenal in the event of instability .
a report compile by expert from the NE_research-institute-0 , the NE_research-institute-1 and the NE_organization-0 state that NE_country-0 have contingency plan to dispatch chinese NE_military-0 ( pla ) troop to NE_country-1 and secure nuclear weapon in the event of instability in NE_country-2 .
the expert visit NE_country-0 ENT_date-entity-0 to confer with chinese military researcher .
the report state --
NE_country-0 's strong preference be to receive formal authorization and coordinate closely with the NE_organization-0 in any possible intervention .
NE_country-0 would take unilateral action to restore stability if the international community do not react in a timely manner as the internal order in NE_country-1 deteriorate rapidly .
the report state --
NE_military-0 researcher claim that contingency plan exist for the NE_military-1 to perform three possible mission in NE_country-0 -- humanitarian , peacekeeping and environmental control .
the environmental control measure be intend to clean up nuclear contamination result from a strike on NE_country-0 nuclear facility near the sino @-@ NE_country-1 border and to secure nuclear weapon and fissile material .
the report state --
NE_country-0 's main priority in the event of instability in NE_country-1 would be prevention of an influx of refugee by assure supply of food and strengthen border control .
NE_military-0 officer state that they would attempt to close the border but admit a lack of confidence that they could do so successfully because the border extend -CONST--0 mile and can be easily penetrate .
NE_country-0 reportedly possess up to -CONST--0 nuclear bomb but be currently involve in a denuclearization program in return for energy aid and diplomatic and security guarantee under a -CONST--1 @-@ party mechanism involve the NE_country-1 , NE_country-2 , NE_country-3 , NE_country-4 and NE_country-5 .
the program recently encounter difficulty when the NE_country-0 accuse NE_country-1 of fail to meet the ENT_date-entity-0 deadline for a full declaration of nuclear programs .
the report be publish on the websites of NE_country-0 think tank the NE_research-institute-0 and the NE_research-institute-1 and be entitle " keep an eye on an unruly neighbor -- NE_country-1 view of economic reform and stability in NE_country-2 ."
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( fr ) ; NE_country-1 ( ir ) ; NE_country-2 ( uae )
proliferation ; international ; business ; energy
NE_country-0 seek civilian nuclear energy cooperation with NE_ethnic-group-0 state in order to isolate NE_country-1 over nuclear standoff .
ENT_date-entity-0 NE_country-0 president NE_person-0 visit NE_country-1 , NE_country-2 and the NE_country-3 to discuss export NE_country-4 nuclear technology and expertise .
ENT_date-entity-0 NE_person-0 will sign a framework accord with the NE_country-0 on nuclear energy cooperation .
NE_person-0 propose dispatch NE_country-0 nuclear expert to NE_country-1 during talk in NE_city-0 .
the NE_country-0 and other NE_world-region-0 state seek nuclear power in addition to exist oil and gas wealth .
NE_country-0 have previously sign nuclear energy accord with the NE_ethnic-group-0 nation NE_country-1 and NE_country-2 and will consider possible nuclear cooperation with NE_country-3 and NE_country-4 .
NE_country-0 lead the multi @-@ -CONST--0 dollar nuclear industry .
NE_company-0 construct reactor , mine uranium and supply fuel .
the utility NE_company-0 operate nuclear plant .
NE_person-0 intend to direct a global revival of the nuclear industry .
the revival be motivate by concern over global warm and high energy price .
NE_person-0 state that NE_country-0 will aid any country in the acquisition of civilian nuclear power .
ENT_date-entity-0 NE_country-0 oil NE_corporation-0 announce an agreement with NE_company-0 and utility NE_group-0 concern the plan construction of -CONST--0 modern nuclear power plant in NE_city-0 .
NE_country-0 plan further nuclear cooperation with numerous country .
ENT_date-entity-0 NE_company-0 agree to deliver -CONST--0 reactor to NE_country-0 for -CONST--1 euros .
NE_company-0 be bid to build further reactor in the NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 .
NE_country-0 , NE_country-1 , NE_country-2 and NE_country-3 have express interest in purchase NE_country-4 @-@ design nuclear reactor .
ENT_date-entity-0 NE_person-0 will visit NE_city-0 and hope to sign a nuclear energy accord with NE_country-0 .
NE_person-0 believe that increase cooperation with the NE_ethnic-group-0 world will augment the diplomatic isolation of NE_country-0 .
NE_person-0 state that share of civilian nuclear technology will be a foundation of a pact of confidence which NE_world-region-0 country must forge with the NE_religious-group-0 world .
NE_person-0 state that deny NE_ethnic-group-0 nation civilian nuclear power on the basis of be NE_ethnic-group-1 give credence to NE_country-0 's argument .
for NE_person-0 of the NE_city-0 @-@ based NE_research-institute-0 ( iiss ) state --
NE_country-0 's strategy depends on highlight NE_country-1 's error in defy the international community over the nuclear issue .
non @-@ nuclear country will be difficult to mobilize against NE_country-0 if they be treat the same way as NE_country-1 .
some be concern over the potential risk of supply nuclear technology to NE_ethnic-group-0 state because the region be unstable and dominate by authoritarian regime and NE_religious-group-0 extremism .
NE_country-0 energy minister NE_person-0 state in response to NE_country-1 's decision to provide nuclear technology to NE_country-2 that the risk of proliferation go up with every country that use nuclear energy .
NE_country-0 environmentalist state that NE_person-0 be not sufficiently address concern about human right , the environment and international security .
NE_person-0 of NE_country-0 's NE_research-institute-0 ( iris ) state that associate with the spread of civilian nuclear energy in a sensitive region be the risk of military nuclear programs unless control be absolute .
NE_person-0 state that the potential for proliferation associate with NE_country-0 civilian nuclear aid be outweigh by the risk of covert program based on technology transfer from country such as NE_country-1 .
NE_country-0 be suspect of conceal military ambition of -CONST--0 clandestine nuclear programs and be subject to international sanction due to refuse to comply with NE_organization-0 demand .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( ir ) ; NE_country-1 ( gb ) ; NE_country-2 ( us ) ; NE_country-3 ( cn ) ; NE_country-4 ( fr ) ; NE_country-5 ( de ) ; NE_country-6 ( ru )
international ; proliferation
NE_country-0 's chief nuclear negotiator NE_person-0 and NE_organization-0 unuion foreign policy chief NE_person-1 plan to hold talk in NE_city-0 on ENT_date-entity-0 .
NE_person-0 's party and NE_person-1 's party state that NE_country-0 's chief nuclear negotiator NE_person-2 and NE_organization-0 unuion foreign policy chief NE_person-3 plan to hold talk in NE_city-0 on ENT_date-entity-0 to discuss NE_country-1 's nuclear program .
NE_person-0 state that NE_person-1 and NE_person-2 have arrange a meet for the even of ENT_date-entity-0 .
NE_person-0 's statement come after a question @-@ and @-@ answer session in the NE_organization-0 's NE_organization-1 .
NE_person-0 state at the NE_organization-0 that that NE_country-0 do not have any nuclear ambition .
NE_person-0 state that in NE_country-0 's defence doctrine the nuclear weapon have no place .
NE_person-0 state that NE_person-1 do not understand ENT_amr-unknown-0 it be possible that -CONST--0 resolution have be issue for NE_country-0 's peaceful nuclear activity and that NE_country-1 be against weapon of mass destruction .
NE_person-0 state that the country claim that NE_country-0 be seek nuclear weapon be currently busy test the -CONST--0 and ENT_ordinal-entity-0 generation of nuclear weapon the country claim that NE_country-1 be seek nuclear weapon have turn some country into arsenal of weapon of mass destruction .
NE_person-0 's office confirm that the meet between NE_person-1 and NE_person-2 would take place at 1930 greenwich mean time .
NE_person-0 's visit to NE_city-0 come -CONST--0 day after the -CONST--1 permanent NE_organization-0 member plus NE_country-0 agree on the text of a new resolution on NE_country-1 over its nuclear program .
the 5 permanent NE_organization-0 member be NE_country-0 , NE_country-1 , NE_country-2 , NE_country-3 and the NE_country-4 .
NE_person-0 state that the new NE_organization-0 resolution on NE_country-0 's nuclear program that be agree upon by -CONST--0 permanent NE_organization-1 member plus NE_country-1 in NE_city-0 on ENT_date-entity-0 will be present to the full NE_organization-2 in the come week .
NE_person-0 be NE_country-0 's foreign minister .
a senior NE_country-0 official in NE_city-0 state that the new NE_organization-0 resolution on NE_country-1 's nuclear program increase the severity of the sanction already in place and will also introduce new element and give no additional detail .
NE_country-0 foreign minister NE_person-0 state that the new NE_organization-0 resolution on NE_country-1 's nuclear program envisage direct talk with the iranian ENT_government-organization-0 that would include the NE_country-2 .
NE_person-0 be question by reporter after the NE_organization-0 meet and do not comment on the move to bring a new NE_organization-1 resolution against NE_country-0 and state only that send the NE_country-1 nuclear dossier to the NE_organization-2 be illegal .
iranian president NE_person-0 in NE_city-0 play down the impact of any future NE_organization-0 resolution on the NE_country-0 's controversial nuclear program after world power state they have agree on a new NE_organization-1 measure .
NE_country-0 state television state that NE_person-0 state that the NE_organization-0 should know that such illegal behaviour will be ineffective against the will of the NE_country-1 people .
the last time NE_person-0 and NE_person-1 meet be late in ENT_date-entity-0 in NE_city-0 -CONST--0 ENT_temporal-quantity-0 after a meet in NE_city-1 .
the NE_organization-0 foreign policy chief state after the NE_person-0 and NE_person-1 NE_city-0 talk that the european union foreign policy chief be disappoint after fail to make a breakthrough in the negotiation .
NE_person-0 be seek to convince NE_country-0 to agree to suspend NE_country-1 's uranium enrichment activity and offer as an incentive huge cooperation NE_country-2 and NE_world-region-0 country .
NE_world-region-0 country fear the NE_country-0 could try to produce an atomic bomb .
NE_country-0 be an NE_religious-group-0 republic .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( ru )
international ; weapon ; technology ; energy ; proliferation ; science
the NE_country-0 on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 accuse NE_world-region-0 and NE_continent-0 nation of spy in order to obtain information regard weapon of mass destruction .
the NE_country-0 's secret service state on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 that NE_world-region-0 and NE_continent-0 spy agency be try to obtain information on technology for make weapon of mass destruction .
the NE_government-organization-0 state that NE_country-0 agent have uncover spy attempt by NE_world-region-0 and NE_continent-0 spy agency in enterprise specialize in nuclear energy , biology and nanotechnology work in NE_country-region-0 .
the report make reference to a spy incident in -CONST--0 in NE_city-0 where a NE_country-0 national and several other foreigner be deport for try to obtain information on technology for make weapon of mass destruction .
the NE_government-organization-0 be the NE_country-0 's secret service .
NE_country-region-0 be a forested region locate about -CONST--0 kilometers or -CONST--1 mile east of NE_city-0 that be well @-@ know in NE_country-0 for its research centers and specialist laboratory .
the local head of the NE_government-organization-0 be NE_person-0 .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( qa )
international ; ENT_government-organization-0 ; weapon ; politics ; proliferation ; crime ; terrorism
NE_military-0 deputy secretary general NE_person-0 state to delegate that NE_military-1 member be hopeful that the ENT_government-organization-0 of NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 will join the NE_initiative-0 ( ici ) .
the NE_initiative-0 to enhance cooperation between NE_military-0 and NE_ethnic-group-0 state in fight terrorism , the flow of weapon of mass destruction and illegal arm traffic .
NE_military-0 deputy secretary general NE_person-0 state on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 that NE_military-1 member be hopeful that the ENT_government-organization-0 of NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 will decide to join the NE_initiative-0 ( ici ) .
NE_person-0 make the statement to delegate at a conference in the NE_country-0 capital NE_city-0 .
NE_military-0 leader launch the NE_thing-0 at a meet in NE_city-0 in -CONST--0 .
the NE_initiative-0 to enhance cooperation between NE_military-0 and NE_ethnic-group-0 state in fight terrorism , the flow of weapon of mass destruction and illegal arm traffic .
joint military exercise be also part of the NE_thing-0 .
NE_person-0 state the security of country in the NE_gulf-0 region matter to NE_military-0 member and that NE_country-0 's nuclear activity and missile program be a continue concern to NE_military-1 nation and to the international community .
NE_person-0 state NE_country-0 , NE_country-1 , NE_country-2 and the NE_country-3 join the NE_thing-0 ,
head of the NE_country-0 arm force general NE_person-0 state that a NE_military-0 presence in the NE_gulf-0 region could help secure stability .
ENT_government-organization-0 @-@ -CONST--0 NE_gulf-0 state be wary of NE_country-0 's nuclear program but be also concern by the NE_country-1 federal ENT_government-organization-1 's refusal to rule out military action as a last resort .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( gb )
international ; money ; ENT_government-organization-0 ; military ; weapon ; science ; health ; human right ; politics
NE_country-0 apologize to and compensate veteran mislead in NE_war-0 chemical weapon trial .
victim claim negative health effect and -CONST--0 death .
ENT_date-entity-0 NE_country-0 defense minister NE_person-0 state in a write answer to parliament --
the NE_government-organization-0 have apologize and award -CONST--0 pound in compensation to -CONST--1 former service personnel claim to have be mislead into participate in chemical weapon trial during the NE_war-0 .
the ministry have not admit liability and the payment constitute a full and final amicable settlement .
NE_person-0 state --
the ENT_government-organization-0 accept that there be defective aspect of the trial in which the life or health of participant may have be endanger .
the trial be frequently under considerable pressure of time as new threat emerge .
the ENT_government-organization-0 acknowledge the debt NE_country-0 owe to the victim of the trial .
the veteran claim to have be inform that they be volunteer for cold remedy test and have suffer ill @-@ health as a result .
the trial occur at the ENT_government-organization-0 's military chemical and biological defense research facility at NE_facility-0 in NE_country-region-0 in the -CONST--0 s and -CONST--1 s .
in -CONST--0 -CONST--1 @-@ year @-@ old NE_military-0 engineer NE_person-0 be kill when the nerve agent sarin be drop on maddison 's arm at NE_facility-0 .
the inquest held confidentially on national security ground shortly after NE_person-0 's death give a verdict of misadventure .
ENT_date-entity-0 a coroner 's inquest demand by NE_person-0 's family rule the death an unlawful kill .
-CONST--0 NE_person-0 's family be award -CONST--1 pound .
NE_person-0 's be the only known death among at least -CONST--0 service personnel who participate in test at NE_facility-0 -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2 .
not all be expose to chemical or nerve agent .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( in ) ; NE_country-1 ( pk )
international ; telecom ; military ; politics
on ENT_date-entity-0 NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 sign an accord to exchange security information .
official state that on ENT_date-entity-0 NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 sign an accord to exchange security information .
this accord open up a new channel of communication between NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 .
NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 be nuclear @-@ arm rival .
the accord make condition possible for regular contact between NE_country-0 's military @-@ fund NE_research-institute-0 and NE_country-1 's state @-@ NE_research-institute-1 .
the accord stipulate that the NE_research-institute-0 and NE_country-0 's state @-@ NE_research-institute-1 will send expert to participate in state @-@ sponsor workshop in NE_country-1 and NE_country-2 and later engage in joint military research project .
the NE_research-institute-0 and the NE_research-institute-1 be -CONST--0 mutually @-@ suspicious think tank .
NE_person-0 state at the accord sign ceremony in NE_city-0 that the purpose of the accord be to build channel of communication at the level of scholar and that exchange of security study have be limit in the past because of the strain tie between NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 .
NE_person-0 be the director of NE_country-0 's NE_research-institute-0 .
NE_person-0 state that the accord be a landmark because NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 have never have open discussion on security issue with the exception of contact at international forum .
NE_person-0 be the head of NE_country-0 's NE_research-institute-0 and a former indian defence secretary .
NE_person-0 state with caution that the ENT_date-entity-0 accord between the NE_research-institute-0 and the NE_research-institute-1 would not replace any official dialogue .
NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 be NE_world-region-0 rival who have fight -CONST--0 war since NE_country-2 and NE_country-3 's independence from NE_country-4 rule in ENT_date-entity-0 .
NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 set in motion a slow @-@ move peace process in ENT_date-entity-0 only -CONST--0 year after they come dangerously close to a ENT_ordinal-entity-0 conflict .
the ENT_date-entity-0 peace process dialogue have lead to close NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 political contact and greater transport link .
the army of NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 have avoid direct contact except for ENT_temporal-quantity-0 discussion on unresolved dispute .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( af )
narcotic ; politics ; international
NE_organization-0 NE_person-0 state that NE_country-0 have do little to stop the corruption enable drug trade and NE_country-1 's institution be too weak to combat drug trade .
drug production will be a main focus of a meet in NE_city-0 to assess progress in NE_country-0 .
NE_organization-0 NE_person-0 state that NE_country-0 have do little to stop the corruption enable drug trade and NE_country-1 's institution be too weak to combat drug trade .
NE_person-0 state to NE_publication-0 in an interview that the drug industry in NE_country-0 produce more than -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 of the world 's illegal opium and that end the industry in NE_country-1 will take ENT_temporal-quantity-0 .
drug production escalate in -CONST--0 and further deteriorate security .
drug production will be a main focus of minister , donor and aid agency meet in NE_city-0 on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 through -CONST--3 -CONST--4 -CONST--5 to assess progress in NE_country-0 .
a paper prepare for the talk say the expansion of the narcotic industry represent the single great threat to afghanistans stability and be increasingly link to insecurity and terrorist activity .
the source of the document be the website of the NE_committee-0 work to implement NE_country-0 's -CONST--0 @-@ year reconstruction plan .
the paper say the drug trade fund terrorism , fuel corruption and undermine the rule of law that should bring security to the people of NE_country-0 .
the paper say trafficker provide weapon , fund and personnel to anti @-@ ENT_government-organization-0 rebel while corrupt official offer protection of drug trade route , poppy field and people .
6 , NE_person-0 state a focus of the NE_city-0 talk will be the need for immediate action in lieu of talk .
NE_person-0 state --
the fact that president NE_person-0 have not appoint a counternarcotics minister to replace the minister who resign in -CONST--0 -CONST--1 indicate the priority give to drug production even though karzai have say drug production be 1 of the most important issue for NE_country-0 to tackle .
very little have be do to fight corruption .
corruption feed the industry in that farmer often have to pay a -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 tax to NE_country-0 official or NE_criminal-organization-0 insurgent .
farmer must pay various bribe .
farmer receive less than -CONST--0 @/@ -CONST--1 of the -CONST--2 dollar that ENT_temporal-quantity-0 trade earn which be equal to more than -CONST--3 @/@ -CONST--4 of the legal gross domestic product .
no one question how people have very low salary but drive in expensive car and live in expensive house .
typically only the courier be arrest .
NE_person-0 state bigger criminal be extremely difficult to find .
some be not live in NE_country-0 despite be afghans .
NE_country-0 's opium be increasingly convert into heroin inside NE_country-1 and supply drug user in NE_continent-0 , NE_world-region-0 and the NE_world-region-1 .
NE_person-0 state blame NE_country-0 for the world 's heroin problem would be unfair as heroin production be a share responsibility .
chemical need to turn opium into heroin come primarily from the developed world and be illegally send to NE_country-0 .
NE_person-0 state the national strategy to deal with the drug trade should be tailor to the different circumstance in the -CONST--0 province .
-CONST--0 province be declare opium @-@ free in -CONST--1 which be double the figure from -CONST--2 .
NE_person-0 state --
the focus should be on interdiction in -CONST--0 NE_country-0 because of the common interest between insurgent and drug trafficker to keep the south out of reach from the ENT_government-organization-0 in NE_city-0 and the international aid community .
the north and center of NE_country-0 have more order and government structure and should be offer incentive like development to persuade farmer and other player to cease opium production .
NE_person-0 state the necessity of a long @-@ term effort to combat the drug problem with NE_country-0 rebuild from below @-@ scratch .
NE_person-0 state the drug trade link into corruption and the insurgency and will not be an easy task to combat .
NE_person-0 state combating the drug trade in NE_country-0 take -CONST--0 year even though NE_country-1 have some function institution .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( sg )
terrorism ; money ; politics
the NE_organization-0 launch in NE_country-0 on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 and aim to inhibit militant ' access to fund in NE_world-region-0 .
militant group be believe to move between 2 and -CONST--0 NE_country-0 dollar per ENT_temporal-quantity-0 to fund terrorist activity in NE_world-region-0 .
the NE_organization-0 launch in NE_country-0 on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 and aim to inhibit militant ' access to fund in NE_world-region-0 .
the NE_organization-0 in NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 and the NE_school-0 launch the consortium in singapore with plan for later involvement of other country in the NE_world-region-0 .
the consortium aim to strengthen cooperation between bank , ENT_government-organization-0 agency and academia to cut off fund for extremist group .
terrorism analyst and head of the NE_country-0 @-@ based NE_organization-0 NE_person-0 state the consortium seek to make the transfer of money difficult for extremist group .
NE_person-0 speak to reporter on the sideline of a close @-@ door seminar on counter the finance of terrorism and state militant group include the NE_criminal-organization-0 and NE_criminal-organization-1 ( ji ) move between 2 and -CONST--0 NE_country-0 dollar per ENT_temporal-quantity-0 to fund terrorist activity in NE_world-region-0 .
NE_person-0 state the estimate be based on data gather from the debrief of capture militant , examination of document seize from militant train camp and from intelligence report .
NE_person-0 state group involve in the fund transfer include the NE_criminal-organization-0 and the NE_criminal-organization-1 which both operate in the southern NE_country-0 as well as the NE_world-region-0 @-@ based NE_criminal-organization-2 and group in southern NE_country-1 and NE_country-2 .
authority blame NE_criminal-organization-0 for bombings which kill mostly foreigner among -CONST--0 people on the NE_country-0 resort NE_island-0 in -CONST--1 and a series of other attack .
NE_person-0 state militant group use the bank system , informal money transfer and courier carry bag fill with cash to transfer the fund .
NE_person-0 state a portion of the money be raise in NE_world-region-0 while some come from the NE_world-region-1 and other country .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( ir )
proliferation ; international ; politics
the NE_organization-0 urge NE_country-0 to clear up allegation of NE_country-1 's covert nuclear weapon program as the NE_organization-1 impose new sanction against the ENT_government-organization-0 of NE_country-2 .
on ENT_date-entity-0 at the NE_organization-0 urge NE_country-0 to clear up allegation of NE_country-1 's covert nuclear weapon program as the NE_organization-1 impose new sanction against the ENT_government-organization-0 of NE_country-2 .
the NE_organization-0 be the NE_organization-1 atomic watchdog .
NE_person-0 state that NE_person-1 urge NE_country-0 to be as active and as cooperative as possible in work with the NE_organization-0 to clarify the allegation of NE_country-1 's covert nuclear weapon program and that the allegation be of serious concern .
NE_person-0 elbarade be the NE_organization-0 's director general .
on the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 day of the -CONST--0 @-@ member NE_organization-0 meet of the NE_organization-1 's regular -CONST--1 meet NE_person-0 state that NE_country-0 's active cooperation be necessary to enable the NE_organization-2 to make a determination about the nature and scope of all of NE_country-1 's past nuclear activity .
the NE_organization-0 meet in NE_city-0 be expect to be hold until ENT_date-entity-0 or ENT_date-entity-1 .
at the NE_organization-0 meet other issue include NE_country-0 's stalled disarmament process be on the -CONST--0 agenda .
NE_country-0 issue be expect to dominate the NE_organization-0 meet proceeding follow the release of NE_person-0 's latest report on the NE_country-1 government 's dispute nuclear weapon ambition .
the allege NE_country-0 covert nuclear weapon program issue be expect to be discuss by the NE_organization-0 on the afternoon of ENT_date-entity-0 .
diplomat state that move be underway to draft a resolution to press the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 to address key concern about alleged weaponisation study .
if resolution currently underway be adopt then the resolution would be the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 such resolution in -CONST--0 year .
in NE_city-0 on ENT_date-entity-0 the NE_organization-0 vote overwhelmingly to increase unite nation sanction on NE_country-0 due to NE_country-1 's refusal to suspend NE_country-2 's sensitive nuclear fuel work .
NE_world-region-0 country fear the intent of NE_country-0 's sensitive nuclear fuel work be to develop nuclear weapon .
a resolution sponsor by NE_country-0 , NE_country-1 and NE_country-2 gain the back of -CONST--0 of the NE_organization-0 's -CONST--1 member .
NE_country-0 abstain from vote on the resolution .
the vote to increase the NE_organization-0 sanction on NE_country-0 have be plan for ENT_date-entity-0 .
the vote to increase the NE_organization-0 sanction on NE_country-0 be delay until ENT_date-entity-0 to give the sponsor time to try to win over -CONST--0 reticent NE_organization-1 member .
the -CONST--0 reticent NE_organization-0 member be NE_country-0 , NE_country-1 , NE_country-2 and NE_country-3 .
the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 be allegedly involve in military research that indicate the development of non @-@ conventional weapon accord to recent intelligence present to the NE_organization-0 last week .
the intelligence present to the NE_organization-0 board be derived from a number of different independent source and cover a uranium conversion project , high explosive test and a missile re @-@ entry vehicle modify to accommodate a possible nuclear warhead .
the intelligence present to the NE_organization-0 suggest that NE_country-0 continue to work on nuclear weapon beyond the -CONST--0 ENT_date-entity-0 cite in a recent NE_country-1 intelligence report .
the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 have dismiss the allegation in the intelligence present to the NE_organization-0 as baseless and the intelligence use to support the allegation as fake .
the NE_organization-0 insist that the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 's simple denial of the intelligence present to the NE_organization-1 be not good enough to allay NE_world-region-0 country suspicion .
NE_person-0 state that NE_country-0 continue to maintain that these alleged weaponization study be relate to conventional weapon only or be fabricate and that a complete examination of the issue of the these allged weaponization study have not commence .
NE_person-0 state that it be regrettable that NE_country-0 have not suspend NE_country-1 's nuclear enrichment activity in line with NE_organization-0 resolution and be continue NE_country-2 's work on more advanced uranium @-@ enrich centrifuge .
iranian ambassador NE_person-0 state the allegation of NE_country-0 's covert nuclear weapon program be politically motivate .
NE_person-0 state that the alleged alleged NE_country-0 weaponization study cover activity that be not strictly nuclear and therefore do not fall under NE_organization-0 jurisdiction .
NE_person-0 state that it be the iranian ENT_government-organization-0 's point of view that all outstanding question about NE_country-0 's nuclear activity have be resolve and the peaceful nature of NE_country-1 's nuclear program proven .
NE_person-0 state that NE_country-0 would react to further NE_organization-0 nation 's sanction with measure of NE_country-1 's own .
NE_person-0 do not specify ENT_amr-unknown-0 action NE_country-0 's measure would consist of .
NE_person-0 state that NE_country-0 would continue to cooperate with the NE_organization-0 despite the additional sanction .
NE_person-0 state that any resolution by the NE_organization-0 would complicate and make a resolution of the long @-@ run standoff between the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 and the international community more difficult .
NE_person-0 be the deputy head of NE_country-0 's NE_organization-0 organisation .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( ir )
international ; weapon ; energy ; politics ; proliferation
NE_country-0 warn that new NE_organization-0 resolution against NE_country-1 's nuclear program will complicate the nuclear issue .
NE_organization-0 meet in NE_city-0 to discuss NE_country-0 issue .
ENT_date-entity-0 deputy head of the country 's NE_organization-0 NE_person-0 state --
a new NE_organization-0 resolution against NE_country-0 's nuclear activity would be irrational and unlawful and complicate the standoff with NE_world-region-0 nation rather than promote resolution of the issue .
the path of the NE_organization-0 and any new resolution lack legal credibility .
supporter should be hold accountable for their illegal act .
ENT_date-entity-0 the NE_organization-0 ( iaea ) NE_organization-1 meet in NE_city-0 to discuss the NE_country-0 nuclear issue .
NE_organization-0 chief NE_person-0 demand that NE_country-0 address allegation of involvement in covert nuclear weapon work .
NE_country-0 deny seek atomic weapon and claim that only to endeavor to enrich uranium to lower level to create nuclear fuel for its rapidly increase population .
NE_country-0 demand the closing of the nuclear case because the most recent NE_organization-0 report state that the agency have make important progress in a -CONST--0 @-@ year examination of NE_country-1 's nuclear program .
NE_person-0 state that report by NE_organization-0 chief NE_person-1 present a clear picture of NE_country-0 's nuclear program .
the NE_organization-0 state --
the agency remain unable to confirm the nature of NE_country-0 's nuclear program .
NE_country-0 continue to defy NE_organization-0 demand to suspend uranium enrichment .
intelligence present to the NE_organization-0 the week of ENT_date-entity-0 suggest that NE_country-0 be involve in military research indicate non @-@ conventional weapon development .
NE_country-0 dismiss the allegation as baseless and the intelligence use to back them as spurious .
NE_person-0 state that the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 have submit an assessment of the claim study and have no remain commitment in the matter .
diplomat state that the NE_organization-0 be consider table a resolution pressure NE_country-0 to reveal its dispute nuclear activity .
NE_country-0 ambassador to the NE_organization-0 NE_person-0 state that country on the board should resist the potential action because there be no suitable ground for such a resolution .
the NE_organization-0 plan to increase sanction on NE_country-0 later on ENT_date-entity-0 in an attempt to force NE_city-0 to suspend uranium enrichment that the NE_world-region-0 fear be aim at produce a secret nuclear weapon .
NE_person-0 speak to the NE_agency-0 news agency in NE_city-0 .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( ir )
proliferation ; international ; politics
NE_organization-0 meet in NE_city-0 focus on NE_country-0 nuclear issue and possibility of resolution support propose NE_organization-1 sanction on NE_country-1 .
ENT_date-entity-0 the NE_organization-0 ( iaea )' s -CONST--0 member NE_organization-1 met in NE_city-0 to discuss director general NE_person-0 's latest report on NE_country-0 and the schedule 1600 -CONST--1 NE_organization-2 vote on new sanction over NE_country-1 's refusal to suspend uranium enrichment .
diplomat state --
depending on the outcome of the NE_organization-0 vote , the NE_organization-1 be consider table a separate resolution demand that NE_country-0 reveal its dispute nuclear activity .
the NE_organization-0 do not intend to undermine the primary action of the NE_organization-1 in NE_city-0 but a resolution would emphasize the agency 's continue interest in the NE_country-0 nuclear issue .
the NE_organization-0 have not make a resolution in -CONST--0 year .
NE_country-0 envoy to the NE_organization-0 NE_person-0 state to reporter prior to the meet --
despite limit progress in address past issue , trouble question remain about NE_country-0 activity that strongly suggest a clandestine weapon @-@ related program .
the board be likely to support the NE_organization-0 's call for NE_country-0 to suspend its enrichment @-@ related activity
indication of weapon work constitute a violation of NE_treaty-0 obligation and NE_country-0 's violation of NE_organization-0 resolution provide strong reason for the NE_organization-1 and the NE_organization-2 to continue to investigate NE_country-1 .
NE_person-0 's latest report state --
NE_country-0 address the majority of outstanding question about its past nuclear program but refuse to address allegation about its purport nuclear weapon work .
NE_country-0 be pursue and expand uranium enrichment in flagrant violation of NE_organization-0 demand .
enriched uranium can be use to make the fissile material for an atomic bomb .
the week of ENT_date-entity-0 NE_organization-0 governor receive detail intelligence suggest --
NE_country-0 be involve in military research incompatible with conventional weapon activity .
NE_country-0 continue nuclear weapon work beyond the -CONST--0 ENT_date-entity-0 cite in a recent NE_country-1 intelligence report .
NE_country-0 have dismiss the allegation as baseless and the intelligence use to back them as spurious .
ENT_date-entity-0 NE_country-0 ambassador NE_person-0 state to reporter that the alleged weaponization study cover activity that be not strictly nuclear and therefore do not fall under NE_organization-0 jurisdiction .
NE_person-0 state that the NE_organization-0 's involvement with the allegation be politically motivate .
NE_person-0 state in the open address to the NE_organization-0 --
address the allegation be necessary to enable the agency to determine the nature and scope of all of NE_country-0 's past nuclear activity .
NE_country-0 should be as active and as cooperative as possible in work with the NE_organization-0 to clarify this matter of serious concern .
other item on the agenda for the potentially week @-@ long NE_organization-0 meet include the stall NE_country-0 disarmament process .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( ir )
international ; weapon ; ENT_government-organization-0 ; proliferation ; energy ; politics
NE_country-0 criticize NE_organization-0 for impose sanction against NE_country-1 's nuclear program in order to appease NE_world-region-0 country .
ENT_date-entity-0 NE_country-0 ambassador to the NE_organization-0 NE_person-0 state to the NE_agency-0 news agency --
NE_organization-0 sanction over the NE_country-0 nuclear program reveal that the security council have be manipulate to implement the foreign policy of NE_world-region-0 country and undermine the NE_organization-1 ( iaea ) .
the resolution be illegitimate and illegal .
ENT_date-entity-0 the NE_organization-0 impose the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 set of sanction against NE_country-0 in -CONST--0 month to castigate NE_country-1 's refusal to suspend uranium enrichment potentially use to create nuclear weapon .
NE_country-0 introduce the sanction with NE_law-0 and subsequently delay the vote in order to obtain unanimous approval and increase the impact of the message .
-CONST--0 of the council 's -CONST--1 member vote in favor of the resolution , include initial dissident NE_country-0 , NE_country-1 and NE_country-2 .
NE_country-0 abstain .
provision of the resolution --
NE_country-0 must comply with NE_organization-0 and NE_organization-1 demand to suspend uranium enrichment within -CONST--0 month .
official involve in NE_country-0 's nuclear and missile programs be ban from travel .
additional individual and entity be subject to an asset freeze .
shipment to and from NE_country-0 suspect of contain prohibit goods must be inspect .
state be encourage to exercise vigilance in enter new commitment for public @-@ provide financial support for trade with NE_country-0 , include the grant of export credit .
reaction to the resolution from NE_country-0 be limit .
president NE_person-0 have state that previous resolution be inconsequential and the sanction will have no impact on NE_country-0 's nuclear program .
by 1100 -CONST--0 on ENT_date-entity-0 no NE_city-0 @-@ based top NE_country-0 official have give a reaction to the resolution .
the resolution receive low @-@ profile coverage on state television and be absent from lead news headline .
state radio emphasize NE_country-0 's abstention as a defeat for the NE_country-1 .
israeli prime minister NE_person-0 state that NE_country-0 possess the necessary power to defend itself against any threat from NE_country-1 .
iranian official consider the NE_organization-0 iaea 's latest report a success for NE_country-0 despite the agency 's inability to confirm that the nuclear program be peaceful .
NE_country-0 hope that the nuclear case would be remove from the NE_organization-0 if the ENT_government-organization-0 continue to cooperate with the NE_organization-1 to answer question about past ambiguity in its atomic program .
NE_country-0 ambassador to the NE_organization-0 NE_person-0 state to the NE_agency-0 news agency that NE_world-region-0 country in the NE_organization-1 intend to damage the effort of the NE_organization-2 .
intelligence present to the NE_organization-0 suggest --
NE_country-0 be involve in military research indicate the development of non @-@ conventional weapon .
NE_country-0 continue nuclear weapon work beyond the -CONST--0 ENT_date-entity-0 cite in a recent NE_country-1 intelligence report .
the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 state --
the NE_country-0 nuclear program remain peaceful .
the document present to the NE_organization-0 be fraudulent .
NE_organization-0 chief NE_person-0 state to the -CONST--0 member NE_organization-1 in NE_city-0 that NE_country-0 should be as active and cooperative as possible in work with the agency to clarify the seriously concern matter of the alleged intelligence .
the -CONST--0 world power issue a statement follow the NE_organization-0 vote request further talk between NE_organization-1 foreign policy chief NE_person-0 and top NE_country-0 nuclear negotiator NE_person-1 to resolve the deadlock .
the head of the iranian NE_government-organization-0 's NE_government-organization-1 NE_person-0 state that NE_country-0 's NE_government-organization-2 should react to the resolution with a new decision concern negotiation with the NE_organization-0 .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ) ; NE_country-1 ( mm ) ; NE_country-2 ( sg )
business ; weapon ; international
NE_country-0 's public NE_company-0 report that NE_country-1 export of multiple @-@ launch rocket to NE_country-2 have be handle by a NE_country-3 trade company .
NE_country-0 's NE_government-organization-0 state that the NE_country-1 ENT_government-organization-0 will investigate the allegation .
NE_country-0 's public NE_company-0 cite unnamed diplomatic source and report on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 that ENT_government-organization-0 in NE_city-0 begin export multiple @-@ launch rocket to military @-@ rule NE_country-1 after an agreement to normalize tie in -CONST--3 .
NE_company-0 state full @-@ scale export of the rocket have be handle by an unnamed NE_country-0 trade company but give no further detail .
NE_company-0 state the weapon export be in violation of economic sanction impose on NE_country-0 after the north korean ENT_government-organization-0 conduct a nuclear test in -CONST--0 -CONST--1 .
NE_company-0 state multiple @-@ launch rocket be -CONST--0 centimeters ( 9.4 inch ) in diameter and about -CONST--1 meter or yard long with an approximate range of -CONST--2 kilometers ( 40 mile ) each .
NE_country-0 's NE_government-organization-0 state on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 that the NE_country-1 ENT_government-organization-0 will investigate the allegation that a NE_country-2 trade company be link to the NE_country-3 export .
a spokesman with the NE_government-organization-0 say in a statement that the allegation be be take seriously and will be investigate .
the spokesman with the NE_government-organization-0 state the ministry be commit to fulfil international obligation to prevent the proliferation and illicit traffic of arm and weapon of mass destruction .
the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 have state that NE_country-1 and NE_country-2 be outpost of tyranny and impose sanction on NE_country-3 and NE_country-4 .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( cn ) ; NE_country-1 ( zw )
international ; weapon ; proliferation ; dissent ; politics
NE_country-0 's largest transport union refuse to offload cargo of arm and ammunition from a NE_country-1 ship bound for NE_country-2 , where it be report that the ENT_government-organization-0 have attack the civilian population .
on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 the NE_organization-0 ( satawu ) state that --
NE_organization-0 plan to deny delivery of a shipment of arm from NE_country-0 to NE_country-1 .
NE_organization-0 plan to hold protest at the NE_port-0 .
it would be grossly irresponsible for the cargo to be allow to reach NE_country-0 .
tension in NE_country-0 be mount .
NE_country-0 await result of the presidential election -CONST--0 week ago .
NE_organization-0 spokesman NE_person-0 tell NE_publication-0 --
NE_organization-0 do not believe it be in the interest of the zimbabwean people if NE_country-0 act as conduit of arm and ammunition into NE_country-1 .
the situation in NE_country-0 could be describe as quite volatile .
it have be confirm that there be arm and ammunition on board the ship .
-CONST--0 of the -CONST--1 container on board the ship be carry equipment for the mine industry in NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 .
-CONST--0 of the -CONST--1 container be bind for NE_country-0 .
-CONST--0 of the container bind for NE_country-0 have arm and ammunition in the them .
the other -CONST--0 contain military aircraft ejector seat .
the container will not be offloaded .
the cargo have political blood on it .
a NE_country-0 ship be currently anchor outside the NE_port-0 .
the NE_country-0 ship be call NE_ship-0 .
NE_ship-0 await permission to dock and offload its cargo .
accord to copy of the inventory publish by the NE_newspaper-0 ENT_temporal-quantity-0 newspaper NE_ship-0 's cargo include --
-CONST--0 round of NE_product-0 ammunition .
-CONST--0 rocket propel grenade .
more than -CONST--0 mortar round .
mortar tube .
the NE_organization-0 have file an urgent application in NE_country-0 's NE_government-organization-0 .
the NE_organization-0 be a legal group focusing on human right issue .
the NE_organization-0 's application be to suspend a conveyance permit allow the arm to be offloaded and transport .
the legal action be bring in term of the NE_law-0 .
the NE_law-0 require that the grant of a permit not contribute to suppression of human right or provide arm to ENT_government-organization-0 that systematically violate fundamental freedom .
NE_organization-0 director NE_person-0 announce in a statement that --
there have be increase account of widespread attack on NE_country-0 's civilian population by ENT_government-organization-0 force .
this be a clear circumstance in which NE_country-0 authority be oblige to refuse the grant of any conveyance permit .
NE_country-0 's NE_political-party-0 ( mdc ) state that --
president NE_person-0 's rule NE_political-party-0 be in preparation for a war against the people .
the war against the people follow dispute election in -CONST--0 -CONST--1 .
pro @-@ NE_person-0 militia be be supply with weaponry .
-CONST--0 NE_political-party-0 member have be kill by NE_person-0 supporter .
a coalition of NE_country-0 doctor state that doctor have treat more than -CONST--0 patient who be beat and torture since the -CONST--1 -CONST--2 -CONST--3 election .
president NE_person-0 tell reporter in NE_city-0 that --
the weapon in NE_port-0 have nothing to do with NE_country-0 .
NE_person-0 do not know what NE_country-0 import from NE_country-1 or what NE_country-2 import from NE_country-3 .
NE_country-0 information minister NE_person-0 tell NE_country-1 radio that --
every country have a right to firearm .
the use of firearm be private .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( ph )
crime ; narcotic
a NE_country-0 man be arrest for fraud and drug traffic in NE_country-1 .
police in the NE_country-0 say on ENT_date-entity-0 that they have arrest a NE_country-1 man who be allegedly involve in a massive drug traffic and fraud operation .
NE_person-0 be hold on ENT_date-entity-0 after a raid at chih 's suburban NE_city-0 home where police claim to have seize equipment use in counterfeit credit card and passport .
the police accuse NE_person-0 of involvement in large @-@ scale fraudulent activity which also fund NE_person-1 's traffic operation .
NE_person-0 be also know as -CONST--0 -CONST--1 .
police say officer have additionally find -CONST--0 kilo of ketamine with a street value of some -CONST--1 dollar at NE_person-0 's home .
ketamine be a regulate veterinary anesthetic that be convert by crime gang to an illicit crystal form and sell as a recreational drug .
drug traffic be a capital offence in the NE_country-0 and NE_person-0 could be jail for life if found guilty .
drug enforcement agency have identify the NE_country-0 as a major trans @-@ shipment hub of illegal drug in NE_world-region-0 mostly utilize by NE_country-1 criminal syndicate .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( ch ) ; NE_country-1 ( ir ) ; NE_country-2 ( us ) ; NE_country-3 ( il )
international ; weapon ; ENT_government-organization-0 ; energy ; economy ; politics ; money
NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 announce asset freeze for -CONST--0 more iranian company in accordance with new NE_organization-0 sanction aim at stop NE_country-1 's alleged nuclear program .
despite sign a recent controversial deal with NE_country-0 's state gas firm the NE_country-1 ENT_government-organization-0 be freeze asset , ban delivery and export of dual use material and weapon and restrict travel to iranian official .
on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 the ENT_government-organization-0 of NE_country-0 state that ENT_government-organization-1 have freeze the asset of a further -CONST--3 NE_country-1 company in accordance with new NE_organization-0 sanction aim at stop NE_city-0 's alleged nuclear program .
-CONST--0 individual and the -CONST--1 company have be add to an exist blacklist of -CONST--2 company and -CONST--3 people .
NE_country-0 's NE_government-organization-0 state --
-CONST--0 NE_country-0 national be ban from enter and pass through NE_country-1 .
NE_country-0 will ban the delivery of dual use material that could be use for the manufacture of nuclear plant .
NE_country-0 will ban the export of some drone and missile .
in -CONST--0 -CONST--1 the NE_organization-0 impose its ENT_ordinal-entity-0 set of sanction against NE_country-0 within -CONST--2 month in order to punish the iranian government 's refusal to suspend uranium enrichment .
there be concern among world leader that NE_country-0 could use the enriched uranium to make nuclear weapon .
the resolution allow NE_country-0 -CONST--0 month to comply with demand to suspend uranium enrichment and include a complete ban on travel by official involve in NE_city-0 's nuclear and missile programs .
the resolution include a broaden list of individual and entity subject to an asset freeze .
NE_country-0 's trade and diplomatic relation with NE_country-1 have be criticize in recent month after foreign minister NE_person-0 traveled to NE_city-0 in -CONST--0 -CONST--1 to sign a deal with NE_country-2 's state gas firm .
jewish @-@ american NE_group-0 ) publish full @-@ page advertisement in swiss and international paper in -CONST--0 -CONST--1 accuse NE_country-0 of fund terrorism through the deal .
this charge be vehemently reject by the NE_country-0 government .
the NE_organization-0 publish advertisement in the NE_newspaper-0 , the NE_newspaper-1 and the NE_newspaper-2 with headline call NE_country-0 the world 's new financier of terrorism .
NE_country-0 be an NE_religious-group-0 republic .
the ENT_government-organization-0 of NE_country-0 and the NE_country-1 also criticize the deal between NE_country-2 's state gas firm and NE_country-3 's elektrizitaets @-@ NE_company-0 whereby NE_country-4 will reportedly supply -CONST--0 cubic meter ( 194 trillion cubic feet ) of gas ENT_temporal-quantity-0 from -CONST--1 .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( ca ) ; NE_country-1 ( pk ) ; NE_country-2 ( gb )
terrorism ; weapon ; crime ; international
a man implicate in NE_criminal-organization-0 's weapon of mass destruction program be give be canadian passport and then be arrest upon the man 's arrival to NE_country-0 .
the media report on ENT_date-entity-0 that a NE_country-0 @-@ born man who be implicate in NE_criminal-organization-0 's weapon of mass destruction program be grant a canadian visa and then be arrest upon the man 's arrival at NE_country-1 's largest airport .
the NE_company-0 cite a secret document sent by border authority to public safety minister NE_person-0 on ENT_date-entity-0 that stated that the NE_country-0 @-@ born man have obtain a visa from NE_country-1 's high commissioner in NE_city-0 to live temporarily in NE_country-2 .
the NE_company-0 be a public broadcast company .
the NE_country-0 @-@ born man be arrest by border guard at NE_city-0 's international airport after arrive on a flight from NE_city-1 , NE_country-1 .
while verify his passport , the border guard determine the NE_country-0 @-@ born man have be flag as a threat to national security while verify the NE_country-1 @-@ born man 's passport .
the NE_country-0 @-@ born man be arrest on ENT_date-entity-0 and interrogate .
the NE_country-0 @-@ born man be then deport to the NE_country-1 on ENT_date-entity-0 .
NE_company-0 state that the NE_country-0 @-@ born man have renounce the canadian visa and request to be return to the NE_country-1 immediately after his arrival in NE_country-2 .
the pilot refuse to allow the NE_country-0 @-@ born man onto the pilot 's plane .
a spokesman for NE_person-0 be not immediately available for comment .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( de )
international ; ENT_government-organization-0 ; energy ; economy ; politics ; leader
NE_country-0 chancellor NE_person-0 warn against form energy tie with NE_country-1 .
NE_country-0 sign a gas deal with NE_country-1 cite the need for NE_continent-0 's oil provider .
NE_country-0 chancellor NE_person-0 express skepticism on aril -CONST--0 , -CONST--1 about country form energy and trade tie with NE_country-1 which could end up make the country too dependent on NE_country-2 .
NE_person-0 make this statement after a meet with NE_country-0 president NE_person-1 .
NE_person-0 state that the comment be not referring to NE_country-0 in particular .
NE_country-0 's trade and diplomatic relation with the NE_religious-group-0 republic have be criticize in recent month after foreign minister NE_person-0 traveled to NE_city-0 in -CONST--0 -CONST--1 to sign a gas deal .
NE_country-0 and the NE_country-1 criticize the deal between NE_country-2 's state gas firm and NE_country-3 's NE_company-0 .
the deal state NE_country-0 will supply -CONST--0 cubic meter or 194 trillion cubic feet of gas ENT_temporal-quantity-0 from -CONST--1 .
the NE_organization-0 take out full @-@ page advertisments in swiss and international newspaper earlier in -CONST--0 -CONST--1 accuse NE_country-0 of fund terrorism through the deal .
NE_city-0 reject the charge .
NE_person-0 state the deal be only -CONST--0 part of a wide project to diversify energy source over the come year .
NE_person-0 state that a long @-@ term goal be to make sure NE_continent-0 be not reliant on any one provider of oil and gas .
NE_person-0 coucepin plan to travel to oil and gas exporter NE_country-0 on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 .
NE_person-0 state that the -CONST--0 leader also discuss transport and tax issue on NE_person-1 's ENT_ordinal-entity-0 official bilateral visit to NE_country-0 .
later on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 NE_person-0 be schedule to visit the NE_laboratory-0 physic laboratory near NE_city-0 .
the NE_organization-0 be a NE_ethnic-group-0 .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( jp )
space ; military ; ENT_government-organization-0
on ENT_date-entity-0 NE_country-0 pass a new law allow the use of space programs for defense .
an official state that on ENT_date-entity-0 NE_country-0 pass a new law allow the use of space programs for defense and reverse a ENT_temporal-quantity-0 @-@ old policy amid increase concern about military threat in the region of NE_country-1 .
expert state that NE_country-0 have no current plan for a new defence project in space and that the new law could make it possible for NE_country-1 to launch early @-@ warn satellite .
the new law state that the use and development of space should be do in accordance with the pacifist spirit of the japanese constitution and benefit the security of NE_country-0 and the international community .
the new law attempt to remove any legal obstacle to build more advanced spy satellite and to help innovation in japan 's space industry .
the new law come amid grow concern in NE_country-0 about NE_country-1 's ballistic missile development and NE_country-2 's military and space programs .
a japanese government NE_government-organization-0 official state that the NE_government-organization-1 vote -CONST--0 to -CONST--1 to revise a ENT_date-entity-0 parliamentary resolution limit NE_country-0 's use of space to non @-@ military application .
the bill propose the new law allow the use of space programs for defense be already approve by the NE_government-organization-0 of NE_country-0 's ENT_government-organization-0 last week .
the opposition NE_political-party-0 be against the new law and fear it would lead to a stronger military .
NE_country-0 's chief NE_government-organization-0 secretary NE_person-0 dismiss concern that the new law could mean that NE_country-1 's defence capability could exceed the constitutional limit .
NE_publication-0 report that the top japanese ENT_government-organization-0 spokesman state in a press conference that it would be ridiculous would think that NE_country-0 would try to invade another country by use satellite and that it be impossible for NE_country-1 to invade another country by use satellite .
proponent of the new law allow the use of space programs for defense in NE_country-0 state that the new law be necessary because NE_country-1 have fall behind other nation in space technology and NE_country-2 be attempt to capture space business in NE_continent-0 , NE_continent-1 and NE_world-region-0 .
NE_country-0 's NE_country-1 @-@ impose post @-@ NE_war-0 constitution state that NE_country-2 will never again wage war .
NE_country-0 troop have not wage war since ENT_date-entity-0 .
NE_country-0 have -CONST--0 of the world 's largest defence budget .
NE_country-0 have step up military research after NE_country-1 surprise the world in ENT_date-entity-0 by fire a missile over the japanese mainland into the NE_ocean-0 .
NE_country-0 also alarm NE_country-1 in ENT_date-entity-0 by conduct a test to shoot down a satellite .
NE_country-0 have be increase the japanese space program and be currently conduct the most extensive probe of the NE_moon-0 since the NE_country-1 NE_mission-0 of the decade of ENT_date-entity-0 and ENT_date-entity-1 .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( jp )
military ; space
on ENT_date-entity-0 NE_country-0 pass a new law allow the use of space for defense purpose
an official state that on ENT_date-entity-0 NE_country-0 pass a new law allow the use of space for defense purpose .
this new law reverse a ENT_temporal-quantity-0 @-@ old policy amid increase concern about military threat in the region of NE_country-0 .
the bill for the new law be already approve by the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 's NE_government-organization-0 last week .
the purpose of the new law be to remove any legal obstacle to build more advanced spy satellite and to encourage innovation in japan 's space industry .
expert state that NE_country-0 have no current plan for a new defence project in space and that the new law could clear the way for the launch of early @-@ warn satellite .
the pass of the new law come amid grow concern in NE_country-0 about NE_country-1 's ballistic missile development and NE_country-2 's military and space programs .
a japanese government NE_government-organization-0 official state that the NE_government-organization-1 vote -CONST--0 to -CONST--1 to revise a ENT_date-entity-0 NE_government-organization-2 resolution limit NE_country-0 's use of space to non @-@ military application .
the opposition NE_political-party-0 the bill propose the new law .
the NE_political-party-0 fear the new law would lead to a stronger military .
NE_country-0 's NE_country-1 @-@ impose post @-@ NE_war-0 constitution state that NE_country-2 will never again wage war .
NE_country-0 troop have not fire a shot in war since ENT_date-entity-0 .
NE_country-0 have -CONST--0 of the world 's largest defence budget .
NE_country-0 have increase military research after NE_country-1 stun the world in ENT_date-entity-0 by fire a missile over the japanese mainland into the NE_ocean-0 .
NE_country-0 alarm NE_country-1 in ENT_date-entity-0 by conduct a test to shoot down a satellite .
NE_country-0 have be expand its space programme and be now conduct the most extensive probe of the NE_moon-0 since the NE_country-1 NE_mission-0 of the decade of ENT_date-entity-0 and ENT_date-entity-1 .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( gb )
international ; weapon ; proliferation ; politics ; leader
possibility of a global agreement to outlaw cluster bomb be give impetus as NE_country-0 prime minister NE_person-0 call for a total ban on the use of the weapon by the NE_country-1 military .
hope for a global agreement to outlaw cluster bomb be give a boost on ENT_date-entity-0 when NE_country-0 prime minister NE_person-0 call for a total ban on the use of the weapon by the NE_country-1 military .
the statement from NE_person-0 's spokesman give new impetus to ongoing negotiation at an international conference on cluster bomb in NE_city-0 .
NE_person-0 's spokesman say NE_person-1 have issue instruction to NE_country-0 negotiator in NE_city-0 to work intensively to ban cluster bomb that cause unacceptable harm to civilian .
a NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 spokesman say NE_person-0 have also ask the NE_government-organization-0 to assess the remain munition in use to ensure that there be no risk to civilian .
the new stance by the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 receive a warm welcome from human right activist and charity .
head of arm control for NE_organization-0 NE_person-0 say NE_country-0 have at last come in from the cold .
NE_organization-0 hope that this strong statement from NE_person-0 will ensure that the NE_country-0 sign onto the treaty and immediately get rid of these weapon which maim and kill long after they have be drop .
co @-@ chair of the NE_organization-0 and director of NE_organization-1 NE_person-0 express gladness that NE_person-1 be follow up on his previous public commitment to ban cluster bomb .
the NE_city-0 conference run until -CONST--0 -CONST--1 and be aim to strike a wide @-@ range international agreement that would completely eradicate the use , production , transfer and stockpile of cluster munition among signatory .
the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 on ENT_date-entity-0 express opposition to a worldwide ban on cluster bomb and call instead for technological fix that would make them safer .
cluster bomb be ENT_ordinal-entity-0 use in NE_war-0 and open in the air and scatter small bomb over a wide area .
the fact that many fail to detonate on impact have make them a risk to the life of civilian for ENT_temporal-quantity-0 .
the NE_country-0 military currently possess -CONST--0 type of cluster ammunition which be the artillery @-@ fire NE_product-0 and the NE_product-1 launch from helicopter .
campaigner claim NE_country-0 troop use the NE_product-0 bomb in the NE_war-0 in ENT_date-entity-0 .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( ch )
narcotic ; crime ; international ; money
the NE_government-organization-0 of NE_country-0 rule that a convict NE_country-1 drug trafficker can reclaim approximately -CONST--0 dollar from a swiss bank account that have be seize by authority .
the NE_government-organization-0 overturn a previous decision by the ENT_government-organization-0 to confiscate the fund .
the NE_government-organization-0 of NE_country-0 rule on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 that a convict NE_country-1 drug trafficker can reclaim approximately ENT_date-entity-0 dollar ( 317000 euros ) from a swiss bank account that have be seize by authority .
the identity of the trafficker be not reveal .
the trafficker be sentence to -CONST--0 year in prison in NE_country-0 in -CONST--1 for import -CONST--2 ton of cannabis into NE_country-1 in -CONST--3 .
upon release the trafficker traveled to NE_city-0 and present a false passport to reclaim the money from the bank .
bank official be suspicious and alert authority who investigate the case and confiscate the money .
the NE_government-organization-0 overturn a previous decision by the ENT_government-organization-0 to confiscate the fund which be ENT_ordinal-entity-0 deposit in -CONST--0 .
the NE_government-organization-0 rule that the fund have be place in the bank approximately -CONST--0 year before the drug offense for which the NE_country-0 be convict and that the criminal activity have no connection with NE_country-1 .
the NE_government-organization-0 rule that the ENT_government-organization-0 must compensate the trafficker -CONST--0 NE_country-0 franc ( 1800 euros ) .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 )
proliferation ; international ; politics
NE_organization-0 atomic watchdog the NE_organization-1 release a report express concern that NE_country-0 be withhold information on alleged study into make nuclear warhead
on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 head of the NE_organization-0 NE_person-0 state that --
NE_organization-0 atomic watchdog the NE_organization-1 ( iaea ) have accuse NE_country-0 of withhold key information on alleged attempt to make nuclear arm .
the NE_organization-0 be frustrate by NE_country-0 's stonewall .
the NE_organization-0 want answer from NE_country-0 .
NE_person-0 be a non @-@ proliferation expert .
NE_person-0 speak late on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 follow the release of the NE_organization-0 's latest NE_country-0 report .
the NE_organization-0 report be restrict .
the NE_organization-0 have forward the NE_organization-1 report to the NE_organization-2 .
next week the NE_organization-0 will discuss the NE_organization-1 report .
the NE_organization-0 report state that --
the NE_organization-0 believe NE_country-0 may have additional information on high explosive test and missile @-@ relate activity .
NE_country-0 must share information with the NE_organization-0 .
NE_country-0 may be withhold information about alleged study into make nuclear warhead .
NE_country-0 may be defy NE_organization-0 demand to suspend uranium enrichment .
the NE_organization-0 report use strong language .
the allege study comprise a uranium conversion project , high explosive test and design for a missile re @-@ entry vehicle .
the allege study suggest that past nuclear work have a military angle .
non @-@ proliferation expert at the NE_research-institute-0 NE_person-0 state that the NE_organization-0 report --
have an unusually strong tenor .
be harder on NE_country-0 both in detail and tone .
refute NE_country-0 's claim that NE_country-1 have do everything with regard to the NE_organization-0 action plan .
a senior official close to NE_organization-0 state that --
the NE_organization-0 be experience increase frustration with NE_country-0 's attitude .
the NE_organization-0 have be investigate NE_country-0 's nuclear activity for -CONST--0 year .
the NE_organization-0 have be unable to state definitively whether NE_country-0 's activity be entirely peaceful .
the NE_organization-0 have no substantive answer .
substantive answer could have be get earlier .
the official see no reason why the NE_organization-0 cannot provide answer .
the official spoke on condition of anonymity .
NE_country-0 ambassador to the NE_organization-0 NE_person-0 state that --
NE_country-0 have make scant progress in resolve outstanding issue .
the french ENT_government-organization-0 state that NE_country-0 believe the NE_organization-0 report confirm concern of the international community .
NE_country-0 foreign minister NE_person-0 state that --
the NE_organization-0 report leave unresolved a number of question .
the question must be examine quickly .
NE_country-0 be not demonstrate the spirit of cooperation .
NE_country-0 belong to NE_organization-0 .
NE_organization-0 be a permanent NE_organization-1 that be negotiate with NE_country-0 .
NE_country-0 's ambassador to the NE_organization-0 NE_person-0 tell NE_publication-0 that --
NE_country-0 have leave no question unanswered .
NE_country-0 have give all the explanation need .
executive director of the NE_organization-0 in NE_city-0 NE_person-0 state that --
the NE_organization-0 report be 1 in a series of bad sign .
NE_country-0 be not cooperate with the investigation into possible military @-@ relate nuclear experiment .
NE_country-0 have not provide the NE_organization-0 with the location of its centrifuge manufacture facility .
the current set of NE_organization-0 sanction will not dissuade NE_country-0 from slowly increase its enrichment capacity .
there will be no meaningful talk with NE_country-0 .
rumors of possible military action in NE_country-0 will continue .
NE_organization-0 member be NE_country-0 , NE_country-1 , NE_country-2 , NE_country-3 , NE_country-4 and the NE_country-5 .
the NE_research-institute-0 be locate in NE_city-0 .
a copy of the NE_organization-0 report be obtain by NE_publication-0 .
the NE_organization-0 have -CONST--0 member .
the NE_organization-0 be based in NE_city-0 .
the NE_organization-0 be based in NE_city-0 .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( bg )
international ; terrorism ; money ; politics ; crime ; dissent ; weapon
NE_country-0 apprehend criminal gang allegedly use proceed from illegal activity to finance NE_province-0 rebel .
ENT_date-entity-0 -CONST--0 's newly @-@ form NE_government-organization-0 ( dans ) state that dans disband a criminal gang operate in NE_country-0 and suspect of help to finance separatist rebel in NE_province-0 .
NE_government-organization-0 state --
the gang have be operate since the late -CONST--0 s and have intimate connection with NE_country-0 organize crime group .
the gang engage in illegal activity include racketeer , blackmail , arm smuggle , cigarette smuggle and money launder and allegedly use proceed to fund terrorist group in NE_province-0 .
NE_government-organization-0 state --
the leader of the gang be a NE_country-0 citizen of NE_province-0 origin name NE_person-0 .
other member include -CONST--0 men of NE_province-0 origin .
the number of suspect arrest be unspecified but the majority be of NE_province-0 origin .
other NE_country-0 , NE_country-1 , NE_country-2 , NE_country-3 and NE_country-4 citizen with a criminal record be also involve in the gang 's activity
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( bg )
crime ; terrorism
bulgarian federal agent broke up a criminal gang operate in NE_country-0 and suspect of help finance separatist rebel in NE_province-0 .
bulgarian federal agent state on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 that agent have break up a criminal gang operate in NE_country-0 and suspect of help finance separatist rebel in NE_province-0 .
the newly @-@ form NE_government-organization-0 ( dans ) say in a statement that the gang have be operate in NE_country-0 since the late -CONST--0 s and have close link with bulgarian organize crime group .
the statement do not specify how many people have be arrest but say most of the suspect be of NE_province-0 origin .
the NE_government-organization-0 state the gang engage in illegal activity include racketeer , blackmail , arm smuggle , cigarette smuggle and money launder .
the NE_government-organization-0 state the gang allegedly use the proceed to fund terrorist group in NE_province-0 .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( gb ) ; NE_country-1 ( cn ) ; NE_country-2 ( fr ) ; NE_country-3 ( ru ) ; NE_country-4 ( us ) ; NE_country-5 ( in ) ; NE_country-6 ( pk ) ; NE_country-7 ( il ) ; NE_country-8 ) ; NE_country-9 ( ir ) ; NE_country-10 ( sy )
international ; proliferation ; politics
NE_organization-0 secretary general urge increase global effort to end nuclear proliferation .
NE_person-0 state that the NE_treaty-0 must be revise and strengthen to address present challenge such as the proliferation crises in NE_country-0 , NE_country-1 and NE_country-2 .
on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 NE_organization-0 secretary general NE_person-0 mark the -CONST--3 th anniversary of the sign of the NE_treaty-0 ) by urge increase effort toward restrict nuclear proliferation .
describe the un @-@ support treaty as the most effective multilateral instrument to limit nuclear proliferation NE_person-0 state that nation must reinforce and strengthen the NE_treaty-0 in order to address present challenge .
NE_person-0 state --
10 s of 1000 s of nuclear weapon remain deploy and stockpile .
significant irreversible and verifiable reduction be necessary .
nuclear proliferation by state or non @-@ state actor threaten everyone and therefore require global cooperation in address non @-@ compliance , resolve concern over nuclear programs and ensure the most reliable control over nuclear material .
NE_person-0 be currently on an NE_continent-0 tour .
the NE_treaty-0 be the most universal arm control treaty in force .
the NE_treaty-0 be open for signature on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 and make effective on -CONST--3 -CONST--4 -CONST--5 .
-CONST--0 of the -CONST--1 NE_organization-0 member state have sign the NE_treaty-0 .
the state goal of the NE_treaty-0 be to end the nuclear arm race and seek nuclear disarmament .
-CONST--0 country that have test nuclear weapon before the treaty 's completion be recognize as nuclear @-@ weapon state and obligate to pursue effective measure toward nuclear disarmament .
the nation designate nuclear @-@ weapon state be NE_country-0 , NE_country-1 , NE_country-2 , NE_country-3 and NE_country-4 .
all other nation be designate non @-@ nuclear @-@ weapon state and prohibit from acquire any nuclear arm .
NE_country-0 , NE_country-1 , NE_country-2 and NE_country-3 have succeed in build their own nuclear weapon outside the NE_treaty-0 framework .
the NE_treaty-0 be draft during the NE_war-0 era and expert have state that it must be revise in order to address present challenge such as the proliferation crises in NE_country-0 , NE_country-1 and NE_country-2 .
NE_country-0 develop a covert nuclear weapon program which it be currently in the lengthy process of dismantle .
NE_country-0 be accuse of pursue a weapon program under the guise of peaceful nuclear power and NE_country-1 have recently be accuse of build a covert nuclear facility .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( af )
international ; terrorism ; ENT_government-organization-0 ; narcotic ; crime
-CONST--0 ton of opium be seize in NE_country-0 .
NE_country-0 be the world 's top opium producer .
on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 NE_country-0 authority state that on -CONST--3 -CONST--4 -CONST--5 afghan security force seize -CONST--6 tonne of opium .
the opium be seize in western NE_country-0 near the border with NE_country-1 .
in a statement NE_country-0 's NE_government-organization-0 state that -CONST--0 men be detain in NE_province-0 in connection with the seizure .
NE_country-0 be the world 's top opium producer .
in -CONST--0 NE_country-0 produce -CONST--1 ton of opium or -CONST--2 ENT_percentage-entity-0 of opium globally .
accord to NE_organization-0 figure approximately -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 of NE_country-0 's opium leave NE_country-1 in the form of heroin .
NE_country-0 official state that NE_religious-group-0 NE_criminal-organization-0 insurgent earn -CONST--0 of dollar ENT_temporal-quantity-0 from the opium trade .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( dz )
international ; narcotic ; crime
an NE_country-0 court sentence -CONST--0 people to prison for grow opium poppy and drug traffic .
the sentence be a result of NE_country-0 official ' effort to decrease the opium trade in -CONST--0 .
a judicial source state an NE_country-0 court on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 sentence -CONST--3 people for grow opium poppy and traffic in illegal drug trade .
the source state the court convict the defendant after police discover more than -CONST--0 of the illegal plant across several field in -CONST--1 -CONST--2 .
the court in NE_city-0 in southern NE_country-0 sentence -CONST--0 men to -CONST--1 year in prison and -CONST--2 others include -CONST--3 women to a -CONST--4 @-@ year suspend sentence .
the accuse state the accuse do not know what the plant be and that the accuse thought the plant be use for cattle fee .
the arrest be part of a crackdown by authority in the region on opium trade .
-CONST--0 people be sentence by the NE_city-0 court in -CONST--1 -CONST--2 to -CONST--3 year in prison follow the discovery of approximately -CONST--4 opium poppy .
in -CONST--0 -CONST--1 police in NE_city-0 destroy -CONST--2 poppy as well as cannabis plant .
NE_country-0 's health minister state NE_country-1 be consider a key drug transit zone with roughly half of all narcotic pass through NE_country-2 consume locally .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( uz )
international ; money ; terrorism ; crime
the suspect head of a group provide fund to NE_religious-group-0 extremist in NE_country-0 be charge in NE_country-1 after be extradite from the NE_country-2 .
a source state on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 that NE_person-0 the suspect head of a group provide fund to NE_religious-group-0 extremist in NE_country-0 be charge in NE_country-1 after be extradite from the NE_country-2 .
the source say NE_person-0 be accuse on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 of fund terrorism by NE_country-0 judge NE_person-1 and NE_person-2 and that demirtas be place in custody .
NE_person-0 be 1 of -CONST--0 people arrest in -CONST--1 -CONST--2 during a crackdown lead by NE_country-0 on people suspect of help fund the NE_criminal-organization-0 ( imu ) .
-CONST--0 arrest take place in a suburb of the eastern NE_country-0 NE_city-0 and in the central NE_river-0 region .
-CONST--0 arrest take place in the NE_country-0 and another in NE_country-1 .
-CONST--0 suspect be later release in NE_country-0 .
police find several firearm and a large amount of cash during search of the suspect ' home on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 .
computer disc and file be seize .
the NE_country-0 domestic NE_agency-0 intelligence agency have be investigate the ring for close to -CONST--0 year .
the arrest be order by anti @-@ terrorism judge NE_person-0 .
the NE_criminal-organization-0 be originally form to overthrow NE_country-0 's president NE_person-0 and set up an NE_religious-group-0 regime across NE_world-region-0 .
the NE_criminal-organization-0 be form in -CONST--0 and there be claim the NE_criminal-organization-1 be link to NE_criminal-organization-2 .
the NE_criminal-organization-0 be say to be active on the border between NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 and be list as a terrorist group by the NE_country-2 .
NE_person-0 be of NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 origin .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( sa )
narcotic ; crime
convict NE_country-0 drug trafficker NE_person-0 be behead by the sword in NE_city-0 .
the behead be the -CONST--0 th execution announce by the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 in -CONST--1 .
NE_government-organization-0 state that convict NE_country-0 drug trafficker NE_person-0 be behead by the sword on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 in NE_city-0 in western NE_country-1 .
the ministry say in a statement quote by official news NE_agency-0 that NE_person-0 have previous conviction for drug smuggle and be sentence to death for traffic cocaine .
the ministry do not provide further detail .
the behead be the -CONST--0 th execution announce by the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 in -CONST--1 .
a record -CONST--0 people be execute in NE_country-0 in -CONST--1 .
-CONST--0 people be behead in NE_country-0 in -CONST--1 .
NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 apply a strict conservative version of NE_law-0 or NE_religious-group-0 law .
rape , murder , apostasy , arm robbery or drug traffic can carry the death penalty in NE_country-0 .
execution be usually carry out in public in NE_country-0 .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( sg )
narcotic ; crime ; international
NE_country-0 television reporter NE_person-0 face -CONST--0 new drug charge in NE_country-1 .
if convict he face between -CONST--0 and -CONST--1 year in prison .
accord to court document --
on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 NE_country-0 television reporter NE_person-0 face -CONST--2 new drug charge in NE_country-1 .
NE_person-0 have already be charge with drug traffic .
NE_person-0 's new charge include --
-CONST--0 charge of consume the stimulant methamphetamine
-CONST--0 charge of possess drug paraphernalia stain with methamphetamine and ketamine in a NE_country-0 hospital room .
if convict of the consumption charge NE_person-0 face -CONST--0 year in prison , a -CONST--1 NE_country-0 dollar ( 15,000 us dollar ) fine , or both the prison sentence and the fine .
police state that ketamine be an anaesthetic that have come into common usage at dance party .
NE_person-0 be be arrest in NE_country-0 last week .
NE_person-0 be initially charge with traffic methamphetamine to a NE_country-0 at a hotel in -CONST--0 -CONST--1 .
NE_person-0 face a ENT_ordinal-entity-0 charge for allegedly possess methamphetamine at a NE_country-0 hospital .
on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 the initial charge be amend .
the methamphetamine amount allegedly involve be reduce to --
traffic -CONST--0 gram ( 0.00525 ounce ) .
possession -CONST--0 gram .
on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 NE_person-0 be release from custody after post -CONST--3 dollar bail .
on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 NE_person-0 's case will be hear again in court .
if convict of the traffic charge NE_person-0 face between -CONST--0 and -CONST--1 year in prison and -CONST--2 to -CONST--3 stroke of the cane .
NE_person-0 be -CONST--0 year old .
NE_person-0 be the NE_city-0 @-@ based correspondent for NE_company-0 ( abc ) .
methamphetamine be also know as ice .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( ly )
narcotic
the NE_country-0 NE_government-organization-0 state on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 that NE_country-1 authority have seize -CONST--3 pound of heroin .
the ministry state that the amount of heroin be the largest ever seize in a NE_world-region-0 country .
the NE_country-0 NE_government-organization-0 state on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 that NE_country-1 authority have seize -CONST--3 kilo ( 110 pound ) of heroin in a record haul .
the ministry state libyan authority seize heroin of pure quality in the NE_province-0 region of eastern NE_country-0 .
the ministry do not specify if any arrest be make .
the ministry state that the amount of heroin be the largest ever seize in a NE_world-region-0 country and the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 largest record in NE_country-0 .
the ministry state effort be be make to eradicate the epidemic in NE_country-0 where illegal narcotic be consider weapon of mass destruction but the ministry do not elaborate .
drug traffic carry the death penalty in NE_country-0 which be a key transit route for drug that come mainly from NE_country-1 , NE_country-2 and NE_country-3 .
NE_country-0 authority announce the week of -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 that authority have seize -CONST--3 ton of hashish in the southeastern NE_country-region-0 .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( mx )
narcotic ; crime ; international
NE_country-0 police apprehend allege NE_country-1 drug NE_person-0 on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 .
NE_country-0 police state on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 that on -CONST--3 -CONST--4 , -CONST--5 in NE_city-0 the police apprehend an alleged colombian drug trafficker name NE_person-0 involve in smuggle operation from NE_country-1 to a top NE_country-2 drug cartel .
NE_person-0 hold NE_country-0 identity document during arrest with the name -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 -CONST--3 .
NE_person-0 escape from a NE_country-0 maximum security prison in -CONST--0 after learn that extradition to the NE_country-1 be approach .
federal police state that NE_person-0 villafanse be responsible for coordinating drug traffic from NE_country-0 to NE_country-1 for the organization of the mexican beltran NE_person-1 brother
NE_country-0 authority state that the beltran NE_person-0 brother work with NE_person-1 of the NE_cartel-0 international drug traffic cartel .
the NE_country-0 accuse NE_person-0 of possess and aim to distribute cocaine .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( ge ) ; NE_country-1 ( ru )
international ; ENT_government-organization-0 ; telecom ; technology ; war and conflict
georgian ENT_government-organization-0 websites be under intense cyber attack follow NE_country-0 military strike against NE_country-1 late last week .
-CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 NE_country-0 internet NE_firm-0 announce that --
NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 websites be under cyber attack .
the cyber attack follow NE_country-0 military strike launch against NE_country-1 late last week .
on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 NE_company-0 take over host websites for NE_country-0 's presidency and a major georgian television network .
on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 NE_country-0 force storm NE_country-1 in response to NE_country-2 's attack on a NE_city-0 @-@ back rebel province .
NE_company-0 executive NE_person-0 state that --
the distribute @-@ denial @-@ of @-@ service ( ddos ) attack begin in the week before the NE_country-0 @-@ NE_country-1 conflict .
on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 the distributed @-@ denial @-@ of @-@ service ( ddos ) attack continue
after the NE_government-organization-0 announce it have cease hostility in NE_country-0 .
NE_country-0 have be attack NE_country-1 from a cyber standpoint since -CONST--0 -CONST--1 .
NE_country-0 be still attack NE_country-1 .
the NE_company-0 technician in NE_country-0 have get -CONST--0 hour sleep in -CONST--1 day .
the cyber attack be similar to -CONST--0 cyber attack on NE_country-0 .
the cyber attack on NE_country-0 coincide with a diplomatic conflict between NE_country-1 and NE_country-2 .
NE_country-0 be behind the cyber attack .
NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 websites be receive -CONST--0 of simultaneous request for document .
the cyber attack be take down all NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 website .
NE_company-0 protect NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 websites .
the trend of cyber attack be a cause for concern .
the internet community be suppose to be above politics .
the internet community be suppose to be like the NE_game-0 .
ddos attack consist of overload websites with request to crash system .
ddos attack be simple , economical and hard to trace .
on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 NE_country-0 site host on NE_company-0 be reportedly receive -CONST--3 request at once .
NE_country-0 deny involvement in the cyber attack on NE_country-1 .
expert state that it be difficult to determine who be behind the cyber attack on NE_country-0 .
NE_country-0 computer security specialist who investigate the cyber assault on NE_country-1 NE_person-0 evro state that --
the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 's websites have obviously be under attack .
it be too early to reach any conclusion as to the motive and identity of the attacker .
cyber warfare have become commonplace in the past decade .
cyber attack be only natural and happen immediately follow any conflict or political tension .
director of NE_organization-0 NE_person-0 state that --
there be danger in assume NE_country-0 launch cyber attack on NE_country-1 .
the cyber attack on NE_country-0 look more like grassroots hacktivists that jump on the bandwagon .
hacktivisits be political activist that launch online attack .
cyber attack be typically do use network of computer call botnets .
botnets be network of computer that have be turn into zombie or bots with malicious software .
hackers plant the malicious software without the machine ' owner ' knowledge .
botnets can grow to -CONST--0 or -CONST--1 of machine .
botnets can be command to simultaneously make request at targeted websites .
NE_organization-0 a nonprofit internet security watchdog .
NE_organization-0 have team member around the world .
NE_country-0 be a NE_world-region-0 state .
NE_country-0 force attack NE_country-region-0 to regain control of NE_country-region-1 .
NE_country-region-0 be a NE_city-0 @-@ back rebel province .
in the -CONST--0 s NE_country-region-0 broke away from NE_city-0 .
on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 NE_country-0 troop and tank storm NE_country-1 after the georgian offensive .
NE_country-0 be a former NE_country-1 state .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( uk )
international ; human right ; weapon
NE_organization-0 report on light weapon impact and urge global arm treaty prevent weapon sale to human right violators .
ENT_date-entity-0 in the NE_report-0 ' NE_organization-0 state that a new NE_organization-1 global arm treaty under negotiation should require ENT_government-organization-0 to actively prevent sale of weapon likely to be use in human right violation .
the report state that the system of national law regulate arm sale be ineffective and enable unrestrained weapon trade lead to violation of human right .
-CONST--0 country vote for a un motion to introduce a global arm treaty in ENT_date-entity-0 and NE_organization-0 member state will discuss progress on the treaty in ENT_date-entity-1 .
NE_organization-0 state that the NE_country-0 -- which reject the arm treaty motion -- NE_country-1 , NE_country-2 , NE_country-3 , NE_country-4 and NE_country-5 be stall the treaty .
NE_organization-0 arm control manager NE_person-0 state that a minority of skeptics prefer to ignore irresponsible arm transfer defy the majority of the international community 's approval of arm control and render most national arm control and NE_organization-1 arm embargo weak and ineffective .
the report catalogue the impact of light weapon in -CONST--0 country .
the report state that small weapon be use with catastrophic effect by the myanmar military to disperse protestors in 20070900 and NE_country-0 arm faction in NE_city-0 .
the report also profile NE_country-region-0 , NE_country-0 , NE_country-1 , NE_country-2 and especially NE_country-3 .
the report state --
the NE_country-0 NE_government-organization-0 have fund the majority of over -CONST--0 rifle , pistol and infantry weapon for ENT_date-entity-0 NE_country-1 security personnel since -CONST--1 .
the fund process be mismanage and unaccountable because the contract out of the weapon deal render accurate documentation of supply and recipient by people authorize weapon and munition transfer virtually impossible .
the mismanagement have augment sectarian violence in NE_country-0 since the -CONST--0 NE_country-1 @-@ lead invasion .
NE_person-0 state that ENT_government-organization-0 must meet ENT_government-organization-1 obligation through an arm trade treaty with a stipulation on human right rather than ignore the consequence of irresponsible international arm transfer .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( au ) ; NE_country-1 ( jp )
international ; ENT_government-organization-0 ; weapon ; proliferation
the leader of NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 launch a commission on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 to press for nuclear non proliferation and disarmament ahead of review of a key international atomic treaty .
the leader of NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 launch a commission on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 to press for nuclear non proliferation and disarmament ahead of review of a key international atomic treaty .
the NE_organization-0 be unveil by NE_country-0 prime minister NE_person-0 and new NE_country-1 prime minister NE_person-1 on the sideline of the NE_organization-1 .
the panel be lead by former NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 foreign minister NE_person-0 and NE_person-1 respectively and have -CONST--0 @-@ member .
it be comprise of former head of state , minister , military strategist and disarmament expert .
NE_person-0 say it will seek to shape a global consensus in the lead up to the -CONST--0 NE_conference-0 and beyond .
NE_person-0 say the NE_treaty-0 be face increase pressure from the action of country such as NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 even though NE_treaty-1 be the most significant and successful arm control instrument of the nuclear age and the cornerstone of global disarmament effort .
NE_country-0 have be accuse of carry out an illegal nuclear program while NE_country-1 have defiantly move to restart its illicit nuclear activity after stop them .
NE_person-0 say NE_country-0 have always undertake a realistic and concrete approach towards realize a nuclear weapon free world because it be the only country that experience the bomb of a nuclear weapon .
NE_person-0 assume the premiership this week .
NE_person-0 tell the NE_organization-0 to hold active discussion and prepare meaningful recommendation for a more effective non @-@ proliferation and disarmament regime .
a statement say the implication of a likely nuclear renaissance due to climate change and energy security concern will be a focus of the NE_organization-0 .
this include the need for renew attention to nuclear safeguard , safety and security .
the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 meet of the NE_organization-0 will be hold in NE_city-0 from -CONST--0 -CONST--1 to -CONST--2 .
it will be host by the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 .
among those in the NE_organization-0 be former NE_country-0 prime minister NE_person-0 , former NE_country-1 president NE_person-1 , former NE_country-2 defense secretary NE_person-2 , ex @-@ NE_country-3 foreign minister NE_person-3 , NE_country-4 's ex @-@ NE_organization-1 envoy NE_person-4 .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( hn )
narcotic ; politics ; crime
president NE_person-0 propose legalize drug use to liberate NE_country-0 's financial resource and limit international trafficker .
NE_person-0 make the statement at the open of the -CONST--0 th meet of regional leader against drug traffic .
president NE_person-0 on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 propose legalize drug use to liberate NE_country-0 's financial resource and limit international trafficker .
NE_person-0 make the statement at the open of the -CONST--0 th meet of regional leader against drug traffic .
drug minister from -CONST--0 NE_world-region-0 and NE_world-region-1 nation be meet in NE_city-0 with NE_organization-0 from -CONST--1 -CONST--2 -CONST--3 through -CONST--4 -CONST--5 -CONST--6 .
NE_person-0 state the trade of arm , drug and people be scourge on the international economy and the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 be unable to provide effective response because of conventional legal restraint .
NE_person-0 state that drug user should be consider patient treat by doctor and pharmacy and that drug user would benefit from ENT_government-organization-0 social programs .
NE_person-0 state that the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 could invest in resource for education and train rather than continue to kill and capture trafficker .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_organization-0
international ; weapon ; proliferation ; war and conflict ; crime ; human right
archbishop NE_person-0 make appeal at NE_organization-0 for member state to support a global arm trade treaty to stop the casualty worldwide which result from the uncontrolled small arm trade .
NE_country-0 's retire archbishop NE_person-0 on ENT_date-entity-0 appeal to NE_organization-0 member state to end the casualty which result from the uncontrolled small arm trade by back a global arm trade treaty .
NE_person-0 's appeal come as the NE_organization-0 be set to vote on an NE_treaty-0 ( att ) resolution next week .
some -CONST--0 country be co @-@ sponsor the text .
NE_person-0 point out in a message deliver to all -CONST--0 mission at the NE_organization-0 in NE_city-0 that in the last -CONST--1 year almost -CONST--2 people have die as a result of arm violence .
NE_person-0 say each member state can and must act to control the deadly trade in weapon that be behind these death .
NE_person-0 say there can be no further delay and that be time to end the slaughter .
NE_person-0 say there be some state which be oppose to such a treaty and will seek to undermine and delay any further progress or will seek to convince others that this treaty be not require or cannot work .
NE_person-0 say these state must not be allow to succeed because the human cost be too high .
NE_person-0 's message be deliver by activist of the control arm campaign .
the control arm campaign be push for a strong treaty to stop the sale of small arm around the world and be launch -CONST--0 year ago by NE_organization-0 , NE_organization-1 and the NE_organization-2 .
the NE_organization-0 in ENT_date-entity-0 overwhelmingly adopt a resolution launch a process for a treaty to prevent arm transfer that fuel conflict and serious human right violation around the world .
only the NE_country-0 vote against .
-CONST--0 ENT_government-organization-0 abstain .
that resolution ask then @-@ NE_organization-0 secretary general NE_person-0 to seek the view of member state on the feasibility , scope and draft parameter for a comprehensive and legally bind instrument establish common international standard for the import , export and transfer of conventional arm .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( cv )
narcotic ; crime ; international ; politics
NE_world-region-0 nation commit to combating drug traffic at a conference host in NE_country-0 on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 .
-CONST--0 NE_world-region-0 nation on -CONST--1 -CONST--2 , -CONST--3 pledge to tackle the region 's accelerate drug traffic problem by boost resource and regional cooperation .
the prime minister of NE_country-0 NE_person-0 state at the end of the -CONST--0 day regional conference that the member of the NE_organization-0 have adopt an action plan to fight drug traffic .
this plain include allocate more money and resource to address the rise in cocaine traffic and encourage the justice and interior ministry of NE_continent-0 nation to work together .
the plan will be discuss further at an NE_organization-0 summit in -CONST--0 -CONST--1 .
the head of the NE_organization-0 NE_person-0 state that there be firm commitment in term of support despite the unknown cost of implement the plan .
accord to the NE_organization-0 at least -CONST--0 ton of cocaine from NE_continent-0 transits through NE_world-region-0 every year to be sell on to NE_continent-1 .
on monday the head of the NE_organization-0 point to NE_country-0 which host the NE_organization-1 conference as a good example of how the tide could be turn against the international drug cartel .
NE_person-0 attributed NE_country-0 's success in crack down on drug trafficker to good governance and law and order .
NE_person-0 also state that NE_country-0 must be uncomprising in the defense of sovereignty and interest of the citizen of NE_country-1 .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( iq ) ; NE_country-1 ( dk )
international ; proliferation ; weapon
NE_country-0 's foreign intelligence admit that claim make in -CONST--0 that NE_person-0 have weapon of mass destruction be incorrect , yet prime minister NE_person-1 state that weapon of mass destruction be not the reason NE_country-1 enter the war in NE_country-2 .
on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 in an address to the NE_country-0 NE_government-organization-0 NE_government-organization-1 ( fe ) state --
claim make in -CONST--0 that NE_person-0 have weapon of mass destruction be incorrect .
NE_government-organization-0 's work be careless .
NE_government-organization-0 's information be not based on credible source .
NE_government-organization-0 's information source be poor and insufficient .
NE_government-organization-0 conclude wrongly that NE_country-0 most likely had weapon of mass destruction ( wmd ) .
the intelligence service of all other nation conclude wrongly that NE_country-0 most likely had wmd .
it be difficult for NE_world-region-0 intelligence agency to operate under NE_person-0 's regime .
few NE_country-0 be able to be recruit as informant under NE_person-0 's regime .
NE_country-0 recruit as spy turn out to be weak source .
last week NE_country-0 prime minister NE_person-0 defend NE_country-1 involvement in the NE_war-0 .
NE_person-0 state --
politician widely believe that NE_person-0 keep wmd and other chemical and biological weapon .
wmd be not the official reason for NE_country-0 enter the war in NE_country-1 .
NE_country-0 enter the war in NE_country-1 because NE_person-0 refuse to cooperate with NE_organization-0 .
a majority of lawmakers in the NE_country-0 NE_government-organization-0 approve military action .
defense spokesman for the NE_political-party-0 NE_person-0 tell NE_country-0 television that --
NE_person-0 claim NE_person-1 do not cooperate with the NE_organization-0 only because he know that the wmd argument would not be believe .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_continent-0 ; NE_country-0 ( ru )
international ; weapon ; proliferation ; politics ; ENT_government-organization-0 ; leader
a statement release by the NE_country-0 NE_government-organization-0 say the NE_organization-0 express strong concern on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 over NE_country-1 's decision to deploy missile on the eu 's NE_enclave-0 .
a statement release by the NE_country-0 NE_government-organization-0 say the NE_organization-0 express strong concern on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 over NE_country-1 's decision to deploy missile on the eu 's NE_enclave-0 .
NE_country-0 president NE_person-0 make a statement about the deployment of NE_missile-0 short @-@ range missile in the western NE_country-1 territory on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 .
an NE_organization-0 statement say NE_person-0 's statement do not contribute to create a climate of confidence and to improve security in NE_continent-0 .
the statement say the NE_organization-0 express its strong concern follow the statement by president NE_person-0 .
it announce the deployment of the NE_missile-0 in the NE_province-0 region .
the NE_organization-0 say they regret NE_country-0 's move .
the NE_organization-0 want a dialogue with NE_country-0 on question surround the security of the entire NE_continent-0 and NE_country-1 have make proposal on the matter .
NE_person-0 say the deployment would counter a NE_country-0 anti @-@ missile system to be based in NE_country-1 and the NE_country-2 by -CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 .
NE_country-0 would shoot a warn shot to NE_country-1 president @-@ elect NE_person-0 and the NE_country-2 state 's ally in NE_world-region-0 .
NE_military-0 have voice serious worry about the arm control implication of the NE_country-0 plan .
the NE_country-0 have describe them as disappointing .
NE_organization-0 foreign minister meet on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 to debate whether to resume partnership talk with NE_country-0 before the NE_organization-1 @-@ NE_country-1 summit in NE_city-0 , NE_country-region-0 on -CONST--3 -CONST--4 , -CONST--5 .
NE_country-0 be lock over the NE_country-1 conflict in -CONST--0 .
NE_country-0 be the NE_organization-0 's ENT_ordinal-entity-0 largest trade partner with growth rate of up to -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 per year .
the NE_organization-0 be also the biggest investor in NE_country-0 .
NE_organization-0 @-@ russian relation be govern at present by a -CONST--0 NE_treaty-0 reach when NE_country-0 be weak and emerge from the dissolution of the old NE_country-1 .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( cr )
international ; weapon ; proliferation ; politics ; leader ; military ; money
president NE_person-0 of NE_country-0 call for a global reduction of military spend as a matter of international security on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 .
NE_country-0 be an unarm state .
president NE_person-0 of NE_country-0 call for a global reduction of military spend as a matter of international security on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 .
NE_country-0 be an unarm state .
NE_person-0 in an address before the NE_organization-0 say the logic that lead a poor nation to spend excessive sum on its army and not on its people be perverse and be the antithesis of human security .
it be a serious threat to international security .
NE_country-0 preside over the NE_organization-0 this month .
NE_person-0 say NE_country-0 be not a naive nation even though it have no military .
NE_person-0 be a -CONST--0 novel NE_award-0 laureate .
NE_person-0 say NE_country-0 have not come for the abolition of all army .
NE_country-0 have not come to discuss reduction of world military spend which have reach -CONST--0 dollar -CONST--1 day .
NE_country-0 propose instead that a gradual reduction be not only possible but also imperative particularly for develop nation .
the NE_country-0 rican president decry the limit application of article -CONST--0 of the NE_treaty-0 .
it call on the NE_organization-0 to use international arm control to avoid divert human and economic resource .
NE_person-0 say article -CONST--0 have be a dead letter in the vast cemetery of intention for world peace until now .
NE_person-0 be promote stronger multi @-@ lateralism .
NE_person-0 say nation will continue to arm themselves at the expense of the people 's development and international security as long as the nation do not feel protect by strong regional organization with real power to act .
this be particularly true in the poor country .
NE_person-0 urge the NE_organization-0 to apply the NE_country-0 consensus .
the consensus forgive debt and provide aid for develop country that spend more on human resource than the military .
NE_person-0 press the international body to support the arm trade treaty .
the treaty would control international arm sale to prevent the illicit use of weapon .
NE_person-0 say the -CONST--0 small arm and light weapon that exist in the world have prove to be more lethal than nuclear weapon and be one of the primary threat to national and international security .
-CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 of the small arm and light weapon be own by civilian .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( gb )
international ; terrorism ; money
the NE_organization-0 urge the ENT_government-organization-0 of the NE_country-0 to stop any NE_country-1 charity from send fund abroad for terrorism targeting NE_country-2 .
the NE_organization-0 issue on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 a condemnation of the NE_city-0 attack and urge the ENT_government-organization-0 to end any fund emanating from the NE_country-0 for islamist terror group .
the NE_organization-0 state that in -CONST--0 -CONST--1 the group appeal to home secretary NE_person-0 to sanction any NE_country-0 charity send fund to NE_country-1 and divert them to terror group .
NE_person-0 state it be unacceptable for NE_country-0 soil to be use for fund terrorism originate in NE_country-1 and targeting NE_country-2 .
other local NE_religious-group-0 organization in NE_city-0 , NE_city-1 and NE_country-region-0 join the NE_organization-0 in condemn the attack .
islamist gunman launch coordinated attack on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 against luxury hotel and other target in NE_country-0 's financial capital .
the gunmen take foreign hostage and kill more than -CONST--0 people .
secretary general of the NE_organization-0 NE_person-0 state that NE_country-0 have borne the brunt of religious terrorism in the NE_world-region-0 region for over -CONST--0 year .
NE_person-0 state that the NE_organization-0 urge the NE_country-0 's ENT_government-organization-0 to increase cooperation between NE_country-1 and NE_country-2 intelligence to end the problem of fund for terrorism which strike at the very core of human dignity and ethical value .
indian prime minister NE_person-0 state that the individual behind the attack be based outside the country and warn neighbors who provide a haven to anti @-@ NE_country-0 militant .
the little @-@ know NE_group-0 have claim responsibility for the attack .
the NE_organization-0 be the NE_country-0 's main NE_religious-group-0 representative body .
the last census in -CONST--0 found there be -CONST--1 NE_religious-group-0 in NE_country-0 and slightly over -CONST--2 people of NE_ethnic-group-0 origin or -CONST--3 ENT_percentage-entity-0 of the population .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( cn ) ; NE_country-1 ( fr )
international ; telecom ; technology ; crime ; ENT_government-organization-0 ; human right ; leader
NE_country-0 official deny allegation that the large @-@ scale cyber attack of NE_country-1 ENT_government-organization-0 websites be link to a diplomatic dispute with the ENT_government-organization-1 regard NE_province-0 .
the cyber attack occur after the NE_country-0 president NE_person-0 's meet with the NE_person-1 anger the NE_country-1 ENT_government-organization-0 .
on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 in response to allegation of cyber attack of the website of the french embassy in NE_city-0 the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 state that there be no clear link between the attack and a diplomatic dispute with NE_country-1 regard NE_province-0 .
NE_government-organization-0 spokesman NE_person-0 tell journalist --
the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 do not support or condone cyber attack on the embassy of other nation .
the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 be not aware of any question or concern raise by NE_country-1 .
a NE_country-0 diplomat state to the NE_publication-0 that the NE_country-1 embassy website have be inaccessible for several day due to a large @-@ scale cyber attack .
the anonymous diplomat state that the server be attack for several day with massive request for a connection predominantly come in at night .
the cyber attack occur after NE_country-0 president NE_person-0 's meet with exiled NE_province-0 spiritual NE_person-1 .
some NE_country-0 media report have state that the motive for the attack be the NE_country-1 ENT_government-organization-0 's anger over NE_person-0 's meet with the NE_person-1 .
NE_person-0 state --
the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 have note relevant report and conclude that the allegation be speculation .
when report on this issue the media should base report on solid proof and should not target NE_country-0 without such proof .
the ENT_government-organization-0 of NE_country-0 accuse the NE_person-0 of seek independence for his homeland NE_province-0 despite his repeat denial of this aim .
the ENT_government-organization-0 of NE_country-0 view it as a national affront when foreign leader meet the NE_person-0 .
the ENT_government-organization-0 of NE_country-0 have rule NE_province-0 since -CONST--0 after dispatch troop to the himalayan NE_world-region-0 in -CONST--1 .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( mm )
narcotic ; crime
NE_country-0 authority arrest -CONST--0 people in -CONST--1 drug @-@ related case in -CONST--2 -CONST--3 in an effort to decrease opium production in NE_country-1 .
NE_country-0 government have come under pressure from several ENT_government-organization-0 include NE_country-1 to decrease illegal drug production .
NE_newspaper-0 state on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 that NE_country-0 authority arrest -CONST--2 people include -CONST--3 men and -CONST--4 women in -CONST--5 drug @-@ related case in -CONST--6 -CONST--7 .
NE_newspaper-0 state NE_country-0 police , custom official and military seized -CONST--0 kilogram ( 157 pound ) of opium , -CONST--1 kilogram of heroin , -CONST--2 kilogram of opium oil , -CONST--3 kilogram of low @-@ grade opium and more than -CONST--4 stimulant tablet .
NE_country-0 be a military @-@ rule nation and be the world 's ENT_ordinal-entity-0 largest opium producer .
the NE_organization-0 state opium production in NE_country-0 rise -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 from -CONST--1 to -CONST--2 .
the NE_organization-0 state high @-@ level collusion and corruption be responsible for the rise .
activist across the border in NE_country-0 state crop substitution programs for poor farmer have not be successful .
expert state NE_country-0 have become a hub for methamphetamine production with convoy of truck ferry chemical and mobile laboratory under the cover of NE_country-1 's jungle .
NE_country-0 's mountainous and lawless border region once hide vast poppy field which supply most of the world 's opium into the -CONST--0 s .
NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 begin a campaign in the -CONST--0 s to eradicate poppy due to pressure from ENT_government-organization-1 include ENT_government-organization-2 's NE_country-1 .
NE_country-0 replace NE_country-1 as the world 's top opium producer .
NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 state NE_country-1 be on track to be drug @-@ free by -CONST--0 .
after a few year of steep decline opium production in NE_country-0 have rise again .
in -CONST--0 -CONST--1 NE_country-0 authority state the authority have freeze the asset of -CONST--2 individual and -CONST--3 firm tie to drug traffic in NE_country-1 and prohibit NE_country-2 citizen from associate with the individual and firm .
the NE_country-0 NE_government-organization-0 state NE_country-1 authority targeted people and firm link to the NE_organization-0 which be the most powerful drug traffic organization in NE_world-region-0 .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( dz ) ; NE_country-1 ( ly ) ; NE_country-2 ( ma ) ; NE_country-3 ( mr ) ; NE_country-4 ( tn ) ; NE_country-5 ( eg ) ; NE_country-6 ( it ) ; NE_country-7 ( fr ) ; NE_continent-0
international ; weapon ; terrorism ; proliferation
NE_organization-0 official request that NE_world-region-0 country adopt the NE_organization-1 's strict rule on arm trade in an effort to combat terrorism .
NE_world-region-0 and NE_continent-0 official discuss the destabilizing effect of arm traffic through the NE_sea-0 .
on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 NE_organization-0 official request NE_world-region-0 country to abide by eu rule on arm trade to combat the spread of terrorism .
NE_organization-0 representative be conduct talk with the -CONST--0 member country of the NE_organization-1 and NE_country-0 in NE_city-0 , NE_country-1 until -CONST--1 -CONST--2 -CONST--3 .
the -CONST--0 member country of the NE_organization-0 be NE_country-0 , NE_country-1 , NE_country-2 , NE_country-3 and NE_country-4 .
an envoy from the NE_country-0 NE_government-organization-0 attend the meet in NE_country-1 state that the aim of the meet be to improve logistical aid , inspector train , development of national relation and support for the NE_organization-0 treaty on arm control .
NE_person-0 state that this be the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 meet between NE_world-region-0 and NE_continent-0 ENT_government-organization-0 regard arm trade .
eu envoy NE_person-0 state that the same policy that apply to the NE_organization-0 can apply to NE_world-region-0
NE_person-0 state that NE_world-region-0 country should publish detail of sale of their arm equipment and military technology .
NE_organization-0 envoy from NE_country-0 NE_person-0 state that the NE_organization-1 's request for adoption of strict rule on arm trade in NE_world-region-0 be necessary because of the potential for terrorist seizure of arm pass through the NE_sea-0 en route from the NE_ocean-0 to the NE_ocean-1 .
NE_person-0 state that all country must fight terrorism .
NE_country-0 NE_person-0 state that particularly problematic will be control of small arm and light weapon number at an estimate 600 million currently in circulation in the world .
NE_person-0 state that the unchecked increase in small arm and light weapon combine with illegal arm traffic increase criminal behavior , provoke conflict , destabilizes region and threaten development .
accord to the NE_organization-0 -CONST--0 of -CONST--1 conflict in the -CONST--2 s be fight with small arm and light weapon .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( au )
international ; weapon ; war and conflict
NE_organization-0 undersecretary @-@ general for disarmament affair warn against increase in global military spend , cite arm sale to develop country and failure in nuclear disarmament negotiation .
ENT_date-entity-0 NE_organization-0 undersecretary @-@ general for disarmament affair NE_person-0 state in a speech at NE_university-0 in NE_city-0 issue by his office at the NE_organization-1 that global military spend be rise at an alarm rate after ENT_temporal-quantity-0 of decline follow the -CONST--0 end of the NE_war-0 .
ENT_date-entity-0 the NE_research-institute-0 report that global military spend increase from -CONST--0 dollar in -CONST--1 to -CONST--2 dollar in -CONST--3 .
develop country -- NE_person-0 state that as before military spend increase at the highest rate in NE_continent-0 and NE_world-region-0 country with significant unmet social and economic need .
NE_person-0 state that arm sale to develop country increase -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 to over -CONST--1 dollar in -CONST--2 .
the NE_research-institute-0 state that -CONST--0 of -CONST--1 major arm conflict in the world in -CONST--2 occur in impoverished nation .
NE_person-0 state that impoverish country involve in arm conflict waste human life and scarce economic resource .
NE_person-0 call the situation tragic and note that half of the world 's population life on under -CONST--0 dollar per day .
ENT_date-entity-0 the NE_country-0 NE_research-institute-0 report that the NE_country-1 sell almost -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 of weapon purchase by develop country in -CONST--1 , follow by NE_country-2 , NE_country-3 , NE_country-4 , NE_country-5 and NE_country-6 .
the NE_country-0 , NE_country-1 , and NE_country-2 lead weapon purchase in -CONST--0 .
NE_person-0 state that the NE_country-0 , NE_country-1 , and NE_country-2 be the world 's -CONST--0 most volatile region .
NE_person-0 state that the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 resolution adopt by the NE_organization-0 in -CONST--0 call for the elimination of all weapon of mass destruction .
ENT_date-entity-0 the NE_organization-0 pass a resolution for arm conflict prevention request that member state ensure implementation of the NE_organization-1 program of action on the illicit trade in small arm develop in a summit on small arm in NE_city-0 in ENT_date-entity-1 .
NE_person-0 state --
approximately -CONST--0 nuclear weapon remain in arsenal around the world and many be on high alert .
approximately -CONST--0 small arm remain in circulation around the world .
the number of both large and small weapon be alarm .
NE_person-0 state that international effort to halt or decelerate the spread of weapon have stall .
NE_person-0 state that negotiation on nuclear disarmament and control the fissile material use in nuclear weapon be deadlocked at the NE_organization-0 in NE_city-0 .
the nuclear test ban treaty have not receive sufficient ratifications to enter into force .
ENT_date-entity-0 effort to enforce a ban on biological warfare fail when the NE_country-0 declare a draft proposal unacceptable .
NE_person-0 state that the state intention of the NE_country-0 to withdraw as a party jeopardize the NE_treaty-0 may incite a new phase of the global nuclear arm race as well the probability of a missile race and the weaponization of space .
NE_country-0 president NE_person-0 have announce plan for the construction of an anti @-@ missile shield , which would violate the -CONST--0 NE_treaty-0 that NE_country-1 consider to be a cornerstone of international security .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( jp )
international ; money ; terrorism ; crime ; ENT_government-organization-0
the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 say on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 that ENT_government-organization-1 have clamp down on the financial transaction of -CONST--3 more suspected terrorist group as part of ENT_government-organization-2 effort to freeze asset use to fund terrorism .
the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 say on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 that ENT_government-organization-1 have clamp down on the financial transaction of -CONST--3 more suspected terrorist group as part of ENT_government-organization-2 effort to freeze asset use to fund terrorism .
a statement issue jointly by NE_country-0 's NE_government-organization-0 , NE_government-organization-1 and NE_government-organization-2 say authority have impose control on transaction involve NE_military-0 , NE_country-1 NE_organization-0 and NE_criminal-organization-0 .
NE_military-0 and palestinian NE_organization-0 be fight to end the NE_country-0 occupation of NE_country-1 .
NE_criminal-organization-0 be engage in a guerrilla war with NE_country-0 security force to create an independent NE_religious-group-0 state in the dispute territory of NE_world-region-0 .
the statement say NE_country-0 have restrict the transaction of a total of -CONST--0 organization and individual suspect of terrorist activity .
another -CONST--0 be believe to have tie to NE_country-0 's NE_criminal-organization-0 militia .
the NE_criminal-organization-0 be accuse of shelter NE_person-0 .
the NE_country-0 have name NE_person-0 as the mastermind of the -CONST--0 -CONST--1 terrorist attack on NE_city-0 and NE_city-1 .
the japanese ENT_government-organization-0 announce in -CONST--0 -CONST--1 that NE_country-0 have freeze -CONST--2 NE_criminal-organization-0 bank account in NE_country-1 hold about dlrs -CONST--3 .
another -CONST--0 account amounting to about -CONST--1 yen ( about dlrs 136,000 ) be freeze because they be suspect of be connect to the NE_criminal-organization-0 .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( ru )
international ; space ; military
ret. lt. @-@ gen. NE_person-0 announce -- NE_country-0 @-@ built a @-@ NE_missile-0 defense system around NE_city-0 be obsolete and inefficient .
he say NE_country-0 be not strong enough to modernize the exist antimissile system and should build new missile defense technology instead .
-CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 retire NE_military-0 general ret. lt. @-@ gen. NE_person-0 announce --
NE_country-0 @-@ built a @-@ NE_missile-0 defense system around NE_city-0 be obsolete and inefficient .
the NE_system-0 be the only such NE_system-1 in the world .
the NE_system-0 should be remove .
the NE_system-0 be unable to provide protection of the area or the country .
NE_country-0 deploy a @-@ NE_system-0 anti @-@ ballistic missile NE_system-1 in -CONST--0 .
the NE_product-0 --
be deploy around NE_city-0 .
consisted of radars and -CONST--0 missile interceptor .
be continually modify with independently @-@ targeted multiple warhead .
NE_system-0 launch in -CONST--0 as latest version of NE_product-0 .
NE_product-0 include long @- and medium @-@ range missile interceptor .
the NE_treaty-0 allow the NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 to protect a single site with no more than -CONST--0 interceptor .
NE_country-0 's missile defense system comply with the NE_treaty-0 .
in -CONST--0 s the NE_country-0 have a similar system to protect missile field in NE_state-0 .
the NE_country-0 have destroy this system .
the NE_treaty-0 bar a nationwide missile shield of the kind the NE_country-0 want to deploy .
in -CONST--0 -CONST--1 president NE_person-0 warn NE_country-0 that the NE_country-1 would withdraw from the NE_treaty-0 in -CONST--2 month .
NE_country-0 president NE_person-0 state --
NE_country-0 withdrawal from the NE_treaty-0 be not a threat to NE_country-1 security .
NE_country-0 withdrawal from the NE_treaty-0 would hurt global stability .
NE_country-0 official have say recently that the NE_city-0 missile defense system could be upgrade in the next few year ,
NE_person-0 state --
NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 should not modernize the old missile defense system but build new missile defense technology instead .
modernization would be costly .
NE_country-0 be not strong enough to modernize the exist antimissile system .
NE_country-0 have lose several NE_country-1 @-@ built long @-@ range radars essential for effective operation of an anti @-@ missile system .
a new anti @-@ missile system in NE_country-0 would be inadequate .
NE_person-0 previously serve as a top commander with NE_military-0 .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( my ) ; NE_country-1 ( id ) ; NE_country-2 ( sg ) ; NE_country-3 ( ph )
international ; politics ; terrorism ; crime ; ENT_government-organization-0
NE_country-0 's deputy home affair minister NE_person-0 call for leader of NE_world-region-0 country to standardize domestic law and introduce anti @-@ terrorism law at a meet of the NE_organization-0 .
some NE_organization-0 official state such standardization would be difficult due to different country ' political system .
official from NE_country-0 and the NE_country-1 request indonesian ENT_government-organization-0 exert control over NE_religious-group-0 militant in NE_country-2 , but an indonesian official deny NE_country-3 be a base for NE_world-region-0 terrorist .
on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 NE_country-0 's deputy home affair minister NE_person-0 tell delegate from the region that leader of NE_world-region-0 country should consider standardize domestic law and should introduce new law to aid the effort against terrorism and cross @-@ border crime .
NE_person-0 make the statement at a meet of senior police and official from the law and order ministry of the NE_organization-0 , or asean .
NE_organization-0 member be NE_country-0 , NE_country-1 , NE_country-2 , the NE_country-3 , NE_country-4 , NE_country-5 , NE_country-6 , NE_country-7 , NE_country-8 and NE_country-9 .
the -CONST--0 @-@ day NE_organization-0 conference focused on fight sea piracy , gun smuggle , drug traffic , illegal immigration and other cross @-@ border crime .
NE_person-0 state the pace of technological improvement be rapidly outstrip the ability of law enforcement agency to keep pace with transnational criminal organization .
NE_person-0 state the recent communication development have aid cross @-@ border money launder , illegal gamble and electronic fraud .
NE_person-0 state that forge extradition treaty , standardize definition of crime , simplify law on the seizure of criminal proceed and introduce similar witness protection programs would be beneficial .
NE_person-0 state harmonization of law will spread the risk that criminal organization have to confront and provide fewer safe haven for transnational organized crime organization .
some official state the task would be difficult for NE_organization-0 member because of vary legal and political system .
deputy commissioner of the NE_organization-0 's NE_organization-1 NE_person-0 state standardize law in NE_world-region-0 be not currently possible though the willingness be there .
NE_organization-0 official will hold separate talk on combating terrorism immediately after the conference in NE_city-0 , NE_country-0 .
in early -CONST--0 -CONST--1 official from the NE_country-0 , NE_country-1 and NE_country-2 sign an anti @-@ terrorism agreement to share airline passenger list and other intelligence .
thai ENT_government-organization-0 have indicate NE_country-0 will join the pact .
NE_country-0 military trainer be aid official in the NE_country-1 in attempt to remove NE_religious-group-0 guerrillas from the southern -CONST--0 .
a number of suspect NE_religious-group-0 militant with alleged NE_criminal-organization-0 link have be arrest in NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 , and official state the militant ' network extend into NE_country-2 .
official from NE_organization-0 country include NE_country-0 and the NE_country-1 have urge ENT_government-organization-0 to exercise control over NE_religious-group-0 militant group in NE_country-2 .
NE_country-0 's top police officer assign to NE_organization-0 NE_person-0 state to reporter at the NE_organization-1 meet that no evidence indicate NE_country-1 be a base for NE_world-region-0 terrorist and that NE_religious-group-0 extremist group in NE_country-2 be legitimate forum for promote solidarity among NE_religious-group-1 , unless member break the law .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( my )
weapon ; narcotic ; terrorism ; crime
home minister of NE_country-0 NE_person-0 tell a meet of the NE_organization-0 that NE_world-region-0 country must work together to stop criminal from abet terrorist activity .
on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 home minister of NE_country-0 NE_person-0 tell a regional counter @-@ terrorism meet --
arm smuggler and drug cartel must be eliminate from NE_world-region-0 .
arm smuggler and drug cartel abet terrorist .
arm smuggler and drug cartel provide militant group with weapon and fund in return for protection .
the counter @-@ terrorism meet take place between interior security minister from the NE_organization-0 ( asean ) .
the meeting last -CONST--0 day .
NE_person-0 be also deputy prime minister of NE_country-0 .
police and NE_organization-0 interior security minister will be ask to make -CONST--0 law cover transnational crime more alike .
at a related meet last week NE_organization-0 official name drug traffic , weapon smuggle , money launder , sea piracy , illegal immigration and cybercrime as area where cooperation between country can strengthen regional defenses .
NE_organization-0 minister be expect to approve plan to forge extradition treaty , sign bilateral and multilateral agreement on intelligence share and harmonize criminal law .
NE_organization-0 minister will discuss a proposal for joint train exercise in bomb detection , airport security and intelligence gather .
in early -CONST--0 -CONST--1 the NE_country-0 , NE_country-1 and NE_country-2 sign an agreement to share terrorism intelligence .
NE_country-0 have state it will sign the agreement .
NE_organization-0 deputy secretary @-@ general NE_person-0 state --
minister may encourage other nation to sign the agreement .
a trilateral agreement could form a regional agreement encompass all -CONST--0 NE_organization-0 member country .
the NE_country-0 seek to eliminate NE_religious-group-0 guerrillas in the restive south .
the NE_country-0 be be assist by NE_country-1 military trainer .
suspect NE_religious-group-0 militant with alleged NE_criminal-organization-0 link have be arrest in NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 .
in -CONST--0 a plot by these militant to bomb NE_world-region-0 embassy be expose .
some NE_organization-0 country have state that a regional NE_religious-group-0 militant network extend into NE_country-0 .
NE_person-0 state that swift action by NE_organization-0 ENT_government-organization-0 have be able to --
identify terrorist threat early
stop major regional terror network from proliferate
NE_person-0 be apparently referencing law in NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 that allow for indefinite jail of suspect with trial .
NE_organization-0 member be NE_country-0 , NE_country-1 , NE_country-2 , the NE_country-3 , NE_country-4 , NE_country-5 , NE_country-6 , NE_country-7 , NE_country-8 and myanmar/ burma .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( ua )
international ; space ; technology
NE_country-0 almost have all of the necessary approvals to join the NE_organization-0 's program .
NE_country-0 be consider likely to gain the remain approvals which will allow NE_country-1 to join the program and share its renowned space technology .
the NE_organization-0 recommend on -CONST--0 , -CONST--1 that NE_country-0 join a multinational program that could greatly expand market for ukrainian space technology .
head of the NE_organization-0 's technology transfer program NE_person-0 state that the NE_organization-1 will have to ask the NE_organization-2 before confirm NE_country-0 can join the program .
NE_person-0 also state that the NE_organization-0 will much likely issue approval by -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 and work on the project could start on -CONST--3 -CONST--4 , -CONST--5 .
the ukrainian ENT_government-organization-0 must also approve the NE_country-0 's participation in the program but deputy director of -CONST--0 's NE_government-organization-0 NE_person-0 state that no problem be expect because of president NE_person-1 's pro @-@ NE_continent-0 goal .
the NE_organization-0 's endorsement follow NE_country-0 's formal announcement to bid to join NE_military-0 on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 .
NE_person-0 lead a team of NE_continent-0 expert on a visit to NE_city-0 to discuss commercial application of ukrainian space technology with representative of the NE_government-organization-0 of NE_country-0 , scientist and business leader .
NE_person-0 state that NE_country-0 's material and process sector be the most immediately promise to other NE_continent-0 client and could have a large impact on the future .
NE_person-0 state that the space sector will outperform NE_country-0 's overall integration schedule because the branch already have a record of international cooperation .
NE_country-0 be an impoverished former soviet republic that gained independence from the NE_country-1 in -CONST--0 and have since a space power .
president NE_person-0 's goal for NE_country-0 be greater integration into NE_continent-0 .
a NE_country-0 company built in the NE_country-1 era call NE_company-0 have help find the NE_project-0 with the NE_country-2 , NE_country-3 and NE_country-4 to launch satellite from convert sea @-@ based oil drill platform .
a NE_country-0 cosmonaut name NE_cosmonaut-0 have fly a successful mission on the NE_country-1 space shuttle .
the NE_organization-0 's program have so far transfer more than -CONST--0 technology .
-CONST--0 new company with a turnover of -CONST--1 euros or -CONST--2 dollar and -CONST--3 of new job be create as a result .
NE_country-0 already participate in the NE_organization-0 's program .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( br )
international ; technology ; business ; money ; military
NE_company-0 open a new factory in the NE_state-0 of -CONST--0 in order to better compete to win a contract with the NE_country-0 NE_military-0 .
NE_company-0 inaugurate a new factory to build corporate jet and expand into the military aviation sector on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 .
NE_person-0 state that the factory will allow NE_company-0 to enter business sector it have not yet enter .
the factory be locate in an area call NE_area-0 in the NE_state-0 in NE_country-0 .
NE_city-0 be a small orange and sugar cane farm town of -CONST--0 inhabitant about -CONST--1 kilometers or 180 mile northwest of NE_city-1 .
this location be call ideal to test military aircraft at supersonic speed .
NE_company-0 be invest -CONST--0 dollar over -CONST--1 year to upgrade the factory 's technology so that the factory can produce NE_company-1 's new legacy corporate jet and a range of military aircraft .
the military aircraft include the NE_plane-0 reconnaissance and NE_plane-1 train NE_plane-2 .
the factory contain a -CONST--0 kilometer or -CONST--1 mile long test runway which be the longest in the southern hemisphere .
NE_company-0 president NE_person-0 state that the factory be expect to employ -CONST--0 people by -CONST--1 and -CONST--2 people over the next decade .
the factory be expect to attract investment by the jetmaker 's supplier .
NE_company-0 of NE_country-0 be the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 supplier to invest in the factory .
this supplier will use the factory to make wing for NE_company-0 's new -CONST--0 seat NE_jet-0 passenger jet .
NE_person-0 state NE_company-0 be likely to be just the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 of several supplier to invest in the plant .
NE_company-0 be the world 's ENT_ordinal-entity-0 largest aircraft manufacturer and NE_country-0 's top exporter .
NE_company-0 be -CONST--0 of -CONST--1 competitor for a contract to supply the NE_country-0 NE_military-0 with -CONST--2 new supersonic fighter .
NE_company-0 be work with NE_country-0 NE_company-1 to gain technology transfer which should give the local bid an advantage over the other competitiors .
the winner of this contract be expect to be announce in a few day .
if NE_company-0 win the contract the NE_aircraft-type-0 would be assemble at the factory and NE_company-1 would transfer all technology include software code that allow flexibility int he choice of missile to NE_company-2 .
win the contract would also allow NE_company-0 to export assemble NE_aircraft-type-0 .
the competitor include NE_company-0 ' NE_aircraft-type-0 , the NE_aircraft-type-1 by a u.k . @-@ NE_country-0 consortium and two NE_country-1 NE_plane-0 call the NE_plane-1 and the NE_plane-2 .
NE_military-0 expert be say to prefer the NE_aircraft-type-0 but NE_person-0 state that national sovereignty should play an important role in the result .
NE_state-0 be NE_country-0 's richest and most industralized state .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( pk )
dissent ; war and conflict ; international ; terrorism
father of militant kill in NE_world-region-0 vow to continue support for independence
NE_person-0 's son NE_person-1 be kill in NE_world-region-0 in -CONST--0 -CONST--1 .
militant fight against NE_country-0 rule bury the son in the himalayan forest .
NE_person-0 be NE_person-1 's eldest son .
NE_person-0 state that he would not hesitate to sacrifice his remain -CONST--0 son for NE_world-region-0 independence .
NE_person-0 be angry that president NE_person-1 will obstruct NE_country-0 's the militant NE_religious-group-0 group that send fighter into the NE_country-1 @-@ rule portion of NE_world-region-0 .
NE_person-0 state his pride of be a father of a martyr and that president NE_person-1 have sell the blood of -CONST--0 of freedom fighter by stop men from wage jihad in NE_world-region-0 .
NE_person-0 be in NE_city-0 the NE_country-0 border south of NE_world-region-0 .
-CONST--0 people rally on -CONST--1 -CONST--2 , -CONST--3 in NE_city-0 include NE_person-0 .
political and religious group vow to fight for NE_world-region-0 despite NE_person-0 's promise to stop militant based in NE_country-0 from cross into NE_country-1 @-@ control territory to stage attack .
militant group that oppose NE_person-0 's support for the NE_country-0 @-@ lead war in NE_country-1 have be blame for attack targeting foreigner and symbol of NE_world-region-0 influence in NE_country-2 .
this include a bomb outside the NE_country-0 consulate in NE_city-0 that kill -CONST--0 people in -CONST--1 -CONST--2 .
NE_person-0 pledge to stop cross @-@ border infiltration because of pressure from the NE_country-0 .
the NE_country-0 fear the NE_world-region-0 crisis could trigger a full @-@ scale conflict between NE_country-1 and NE_country-2 .
the dispute over NE_world-region-0 begin when NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 gain independence from NE_country-2 in -CONST--0 .
the -CONST--0 country both have nuclear weapon and have fight -CONST--1 war over NE_world-region-0 .
there be increase tension of war between NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 after an attack on an indian army camp .
the attack kill -CONST--0 people and be one of the deadliest single assault since -CONST--1 .
in -CONST--0 militant launch an insurgency in NE_country-0 @-@ control NE_world-region-0 seek independence or a merger with NE_religious-group-0 NE_country-1 .
NE_state-0 be NE_country-0 's only NE_religious-group-0 @-@ majority state .
NE_country-0 be dominate by NE_religious-group-0 .
NE_country-0 accuse NE_city-0 of fund and train guerrilla .
the guerrilla cross the NE_location-0 NE_world-region-0 and carry out attack on the NE_country-0 side .
-CONST--0 of NE_country-0 troop , guerrilla and civilian have be kill .
NE_country-0 say it only provide moral and political support for NE_world-region-0 's name freedom fighter .
diplomatic intervention and NE_person-0 's suppression of militant and cross @-@ border attack have decrease tension of war .
there be strong resentment among NE_country-0 's conservative NE_religious-group-0 group .
fighter with NE_criminal-organization-0 NE_person-0 say that NE_country-0 soldier deploy near the NE_world-region-0 border use to pray for success in jihad but be now terrorist accord to musharra .
NE_criminal-organization-0 be one of the main militant group fight in NE_world-region-0 .
the leader of two other outlawed NE_country-0 militant NE_group-0 that operate in NE_world-region-0 NE_group-1 and NE_group-2 be in police custody and under house arrest respectively .
NE_person-0 's crackdown have decrease tension about war .
the dispute over NE_world-region-0 continue with no sign of abate .
a board be create during the rally in NE_city-0 bear the name of militant kill during the -CONST--0 @-@ year insurgency .
NE_person-0 's son be on it .
NE_person-0 's son be kill in NE_world-region-0 in -CONST--0 at age -CONST--1 .
NE_religious-group-0 NE_cleric-0 state that his son give his life for -CONST--0 and that NE_cleric-1 would do whatever possible to liberate NE_world-region-0 .
NE_person-0 be associate with NE_country-0 's main hard @-@ line religious NE_group-0 .
NE_religious-group-0 cleric NE_person-0 state his anger at the NE_country-0 army for prevent men from fight against NE_country-1 in NE_world-region-0 at the NE_location-0 .
NE_person-0 sit beside NE_person-1 .
NE_person-0 say that NE_country-0 be incomplete without NE_world-region-0 .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( cu )
international ; technology ; business ; money ; health ; science ; economy ; government
NE_country-0 biotechnology pharmaceuticals program seek to expand to overseas market in develop country .
the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 seek to increase pharmaceutical profit by significantly expand overseas market through the development of novel pharmaceuticals and the sale of the world 's most lucrative biotechnology NE_drug-0 ( epo ) .
NE_company-0 invent NE_product-0 and share patent right with NE_company-1 and NE_company-2 in the most lucrative industrialized market -- the NE_country-0 , NE_continent-0 and NE_country-1 .
in -CONST--0 NE_product-0 generate -CONST--1 dollar in sale for the -CONST--2 corporation .
NE_company-0 sell NE_product-0 in the NE_country-0 as -CONST--0 for over -CONST--1 dollar per dose .
NE_country-0 NE_drug-0 consumer pay over -CONST--0 dollar each ENT_temporal-quantity-0 for the drug .
NE_product-0 be a genetically engineer protein use legally by kidney dialysis and chemotherapy patient and illegally by athlete to increase the concentration of oxygenate red blood cell .
an increase quantity of biotechnology drug be produce without any attempt to obtain license in develop nation .
NE_country-0 patent holder consider the trade in generic drug a violation to their intellectual property .
consumer in develop country appreciate lower price on generic drug .
NE_country-0 consider the generic drug trade good business and currently manufacture NE_product-0 for sale in NE_country-1 , NE_country-2 , NE_country-3 and other country that do not acknowledge most NE_country-4 and NE_continent-0 drug patent .
cuban biotechnology executive NE_person-0 state that NE_country-0 carefully abide by intellectual property law and exclusively sell NE_product-0 in country in which no entity have exclusive patent right .
the largest potential pharmaceutical market be in the -CONST--0 person NE_country-0 market .
NE_company-0 , NE_company-1 , the small NE_country-0 biotechnology NE_company-2 and at lease -CONST--0 chinese company currently sell NE_product-0 in NE_country-1 .
the generic product cost as low as -CONST--0 dollar per dose in NE_country-0 .
by join the NE_organization-0 in -CONST--0 NE_country-0 agree to abide by wto intellectual property agreement but the agreement contain mechanism allow develop nation to circumvent patent , particularly in pharmaceuticals , when public health concern be deem to override the patent .
current state of biotechnology in NE_country-0 --
the NE_country-0 biotechnology industry currently generate -CONST--0 dollar ENT_temporal-quantity-0 and reach market in over -CONST--1 country .
NE_country-0 's genetic engineer and biotechnology center occupy modern tower approve by NE_person-0 and employ over -CONST--0 people to engineer protein to combat major terminal illness .
NE_country-0 currently produce novel biotechnology product : NE_disease-0 and NE_disease-1 vaccine , a skin growth factor , interferons , NE_disease-2 and heart attack medicine and NE_disease-3 treatment .
NE_country-0 have produce over -CONST--0 dose of NE_disease-0 vaccine .
NE_country-0 license its NE_disease-0 vaccine to the NE_country-1 NE_company-0 , which hope to eventually sell the vaccine in the NE_country-2 under a NE_person-0 @-@ era exemption to the cuban trade embargo .
NE_country-0 be cooperate with the small NE_country-1 NE_company-0 on trial of a head and neck cancer treatment .
NE_country-0 be seek further partnership with foreign company in vaccine research for NE_disease-0 , -CONST--0 type of cancer and cholera .
NE_country-0 official include attendees of the ENT_temporal-quantity-0 bio -CONST--0 NE_conference-0 ENT_date-entity-0 in NE_city-0 state that negotiation for new biotechnology trade and production agreement be in progress with NE_country-1 , NE_country-2 , NE_country-3 , NE_country-4 , NE_country-5 , NE_country-6 , NE_country-7 , NE_country-8 , NE_country-9 and the NE_country-10 .
NE_country-0 have or be negotiate technology transfer agreement with -CONST--0 country , chiefly develop nation include NE_country-1 , NE_country-2 and NE_country-3 .
ENT_date-entity-0 NE_country-0 undersecretary of state for arm control NE_person-0 state that the NE_country-1 believe NE_country-2 have at least a limited offensive biological warfare research and development effort and have provide dual @-@ use biotechnology to other rogue NE_country-3 .
scientist , NE_person-0 , and former NE_country-0 president NE_person-1 , who visit NE_country-1 directly after bolton 's statement , dismiss bolton 's statement as unfair .
NE_person-0 state that NE_person-1 unintentionally increase publicity for the NE_country-0 biotechnology program .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( ru )
international ; ENT_government-organization-0 ; technology ; military ; space
NE_military-0 space force put on test duty an optical space @-@ object track facility locate in the ex @-@ NE_country-0 NE_republic-0
the NE_military-0 on ENT_date-entity-0 inaugurate an optical track facility that be intend to monitor object in space and put it on test duty .
the NE_facility-0 optical track facility be near the NE_town-0 in the central region of the ex @-@ NE_country-0 NE_republic-0 and locate -CONST--0 kilometers ( 30 mile ) southeast of the tajik capital NE_city-0 .
NE_military-0 say in a statement carry by the NE_agency-0 @-@ military news agency that the NE_complex-0 ( window ) complex be capable of track object -CONST--0 kilometers ( 24800 mile ) from NE_planet-0 .
the NE_facility-0 offer a better range and precision than standard radar facility accord to the space force .
the report do not elaborate on how the NE_facility-0 work .
the report saids NE_military-0 chief col . @-@ gen . NE_person-0 traveled to the site to report on the facility 's launch to defense minister NE_person-1 , .
accord to image on the NE_organization-0 ' web site , the facility involve telescope @-@ like equipment house in several large sphere .
the NE_facility-0 be locate in NE_country-0 's mountain -CONST--0 meter ( 7260 feet ) above sea level and take advantage of the area 's fine weather and high transparency of the atmosphere .
such condition be not find elsewhere in the former NE_country-0 .
the site describe it as similar to the NE_country-0 NE_system-0 , or ground @-@ based electro @-@ optical deep space surveillance .
-CONST--0 such NE_country-0 facility be operational .
the construction of the facility start in ENT_date-entity-0 , but stop after the ENT_date-entity-1 NE_country-0 collapse when NE_country-1 slide into a -CONST--0 year civil war that undermined its economy and leave its population in deep poverty .
about -CONST--0 NE_country-0 troop and border guard be deploy in NE_country-1 to help protect its volatile southern border with NE_country-2 and prevent drug smuggle .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( it )
international ; telecom ; business ; government ; technology ; politics
NE_country-0 be lead a technology transfer initiative develop by the NE_organization-0 country which will improve the technology of develop country .
the goal of the initiative be to provide the infrastructure and good governance need to alleviate poverty .
NE_country-0 sponsor technology transfer to develop country as a form of foreign aid and alleviate poverty .
premier NE_person-0 support and sponsor the initiative with counterpart at recent international gathering include the last NE_organization-0 summit in NE_country-0 .
NE_country-0 persuade partner to let NE_country-1 lead the NE_organization-0 summit 's e @-@ government initiative call NE_organization-1 or digital opportunity task force .
former NE_company-0 executive and current technology minister of NE_country-0 NE_person-0 be lead NE_country-1 's internet program for develop country as part of the NE_organization-0 's effort to reduce the digital divide .
NE_person-0 give NE_person-1 -CONST--0 current role of modernize NE_country-0 's bureaucracy .
NE_person-0 state that NE_country-0 will not targeting country that have very basic need .
the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 technology transfer project will be implement in the fall .
-CONST--0 such project be create an electronic database for real estate in NE_country-0 .
so far -CONST--0 euros or -CONST--1 dollar have be allocate to finance the initial phase of these project .
this cost be only a fraction of the total cost .
NE_country-0 be finance most of the cost but the NE_organization-0 and possibly some private telecommunications company be also contribute .
NE_person-0 state that the world must solve the problem of world hunger , disease and education but in order to do that the world must first help create good governance .
the rationale behind create good governance be that by make the public administration of develop country more transparent and accountable develop country would become more attractive potential recipient of traditional form of aid such as loan and investment .
in effect good governance would invalidate the reason use by country that do not do enough that donate be not appropriate because it be impossible to know whether the aid would reach its true destination .
the NE_organization-0 telecommunications agency state that -CONST--0 country in NE_continent-0 , NE_continent-1 , and the former NE_country-0 still have less than -CONST--1 telephone line for every -CONST--2 people .
other study note that even though the internet have be in use for more than -CONST--0 decade , only about -CONST--1 ENT_percentage-entity-0 of the world 's population have access to it .
reduce the digital divide have take on a central role in the fight against global poverty in recent year .
the NE_organization-0 have repeatedly state that the world 's poor may be further marginalized if there be no improvement in access to information technology .
reduce the digital divide be declare a priority at last year 's NE_organization-0 summit in NE_city-0 which include NE_country-0 .
NE_country-0 launch pilot programs in -CONST--0 country at a conference in NE_country-region-0 sponsor by the NE_organization-0 and NE_country-1 in -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 .
the conference focused on how technology can be use to improve administration in develop country .
the plan for NE_country-0 be computerization of demographic survey .
the plan for NE_country-0 be e @-@ procurement which will allow online trade , auction , payment and settlement of bill .
the plan for NE_country-0 be the creation of electronic databases to facilitate tax collection .
the plan for NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 be the creation an electronic database for real estate .
NE_city-0 @-@ based adviser at NE_organization-0 NE_person-0 state that poverty reduction will only occur when the poor themselves be bring into the policy process .
NE_organization-0 be a nonprofit development group based in NE_city-0 .
NE_organization-0 promote education and justice .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( ru )
international ; government ; technology ; military ; space ; weapon
NE_country-0 NE_military-0 , NE_military-1 and NE_military-2 successfully carry out a series of test firings of missile
NE_country-0 defense official say the NE_country-1 NE_military-0 , NE_military-1 and NE_military-2 successfully carry out a series of test firings of missile on ENT_date-entity-0 .
a spokesman for the NE_military-0 press service say the NE_military-1 test @-@ fire an NE_missile-0 intercontinental ballistic missile .
the spokesman say the missile take off from the NE_cosmodrome-0 , about -CONST--0 kilometers ( 800 mile ) north of NE_city-0 and hit the target at the NE_range-0 on the NE_peninsula-0 in NE_country-0 's far east , about -CONST--1 kilometers ( 4200 mile ) away .
the spokesman say the launch be carry out by the NE_military-0 and NE_military-1 in accordance with schedule of troop military train .
NE_missile-0 have be on combat duty for -CONST--0 year and NE_country-0 periodically test them to see if their lifetime can be extend .
a defense ministry spokesman say the russian navy 's northern and pacific fleet successfully test @-@ fire ballistic missile from nuclear submarine in the NE_sea-0 to the NE_fleet-0 and the sea NE_sea-1 .
the spokesman say the purpose of the test be to check the efficiency of the military command body of the NE_country-0 arm force .
NE_agency-0 news agency report that -CONST--0 NE_country-0 strategic bomber on ENT_date-entity-0 launch cruise missile as part of a train exercise .
NE_publication-0 say a tu @-@ NE_aircraft-type-0 and a tu @-@ NE_aircraft-type-1 launch the missile against target locate on the military test ground in the NE_country-region-0 after a -CONST--0 @-@ hour train flight .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( in ) ; NE_country-1 ( pk )
international ; terrorism ; government
NE_country-0 deputy prime minister accuse NE_country-1 of become a haven for terrorist escape from NE_country-2 and permit increase guerrilla attack in NE_world-region-0 .
ENT_date-entity-0 NE_country-0 deputy prime minister NE_person-0 state at a gather of paramilitary police officer in NE_city-0 --
intelligence report state that NE_criminal-organization-0 member have flee from NE_country-0 force in NE_country-1 and relocate to western NE_country-2 @-@ control NE_country-region-0 , make pakistan the new epicenter of terrorism .
cross @-@ border incursion by NE_religious-group-0 guerrillas into NE_country-0 @-@ control NE_state-0 increase in recent week .
the international community must beware of the situation , which could prove expensive for any country .
NE_country-0 's foreign ministry spokesman NE_person-0 state in NE_city-0 --
the accusation be without merit .
NE_country-0 leader have previously leveled baseless allegation at NE_country-1 .
NE_country-0 should resolve its issue with NE_country-1 include the core issue of NE_world-region-0 to ensure durable peace in the region , rather than accuse NE_country-2 .
NE_country-0 have refuse talk with NE_country-1 .
pakistani and NE_country-0 official state that over -CONST--0 NE_criminal-organization-0 and al @-@ NE_criminal-organization-1 suspect have be arrest in NE_country-1 .
ENT_date-entity-0 the head of the NE_country-0 @-@ based guerrilla NE_group-0 NE_person-0 state at a meet of hezb commander in NE_city-0 , the capital of pakistani NE_country-region-0 , that hezb will continue and increase jihad in the NE_country-1 NE_state-0 with full force .
NE_organization-0 be the largest of over -CONST--0 militia battle indian troop for NE_world-region-0 's independence from mostly NE_religious-group-0 NE_country-0 , or its merger with NE_religious-group-1 NE_country-1 .
NE_person-0 state --
NE_country-0 president NE_person-0 's assurance to the NE_country-1 of end cross @-@ border terrorism in NE_world-region-0 , terminate militant camp and ban -CONST--0 of NE_religious-group-0 group be merely cosmetic .
many of the ban terrorist group continue activity in NE_country-0 and NE_world-region-0 under new name .
the NE_country-0 army state that -CONST--0 NE_religious-group-0 militant be kill in -CONST--1 separate gun battle ENT_date-entity-0 .
NE_country-0 army spokesman lt.col . NE_person-0 state that soldier storm a militant hideout in NE_village-0 -CONST--0 kilometers north of NE_city-0 , NE_state-0 's summer capital .
-CONST--0 militant identify as member of the NE_country-0 @-@ based NE_group-0 be kill .
approximately -CONST--0 kilometers southwest of NE_city-0 -CONST--1 militant be kill in a ENT_ordinal-entity-0 gun battle .
local police report -CONST--0 civilian wound in the crossfire .
NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 have fight -CONST--0 of -CONST--1 war over control of NE_world-region-0 .
both country claim the entirety of the region .
the NE_religious-group-0 insurgency in NE_world-region-0 have last -CONST--0 year and kill over -CONST--1 people .
NE_country-0 accuse NE_country-1 of fund and train the cross @-@ border guerrilla .
NE_country-0 claim it offer moral rather than material support to the rebel , whom it consider freedom fighter .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( th ) ; NE_country-1 ( jp ) ; NE_country-2 ( my ) ; NE_country-3 ( ph ) ; NE_country-4 ) ; NE_country-5 ( in )
international ; technology ; NE_company-0 ; business ; crime
a virus @-@ like computer infection spread through NE_continent-0 digital network and disrupt internet service in several country .
the virus be think to have utilize a security flaw in NE_company-0 software .
a virus @-@ like computer infection spread through worldwide digital network and interrupt internet service in part of NE_continent-0 on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 .
the infection slow or halt web browse and e @-@ mail service in several country .
user and news media report outage or slowdowns in NE_country-0 , NE_country-1 , NE_country-2 , the NE_country-3 , NE_country-4 and NE_country-5 .
internet service provider say a sudden surge in traffic jam network on the afternoon of -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 .
antivirus NE_company-0 estimate at least -CONST--0 system be affect worldwide .
a technical support representative for NE_company-0 state --
a virus or worm attack a bug in NE_company-0 software .
while traffic among domestic NE_country-0 server be normal , exchange with international server begin slow down around -CONST--0 @:@ -CONST--1 pm ( 0500 gmt ) .
the exchange come to a halt within hour before recover the even of -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 .
NE_country-0 official state the attack seek out vulnerable computer on the internet use a known flaw in software from NE_company-0 call NE_software-0 .
the attack software code scan for victim computer randomly and aggressively and sent out -CONST--0 of probe each second which overwhelm many internet data pipeline .
local NE_country-0 subscriber state that other NE_country-1 internet service provider appear to be unaffected .
NE_company-0 in NE_country-0 report --
some of the NE_country-0 's internet connection experience heavy traffic .
a public university computer have be hit by over -CONST--0 transmission in -CONST--1 hour .
security firm be investigate the incident .
traffic @-@ direct computer at NE_company-0 and NE_company-1 fail to function in NE_country-0 and affect -CONST--0 of internet user .
chief system engineer at NE_company-0 NE_person-0 state excessive traffic cause -CONST--0 of NE_company-1 's main domain server to fail which force other server to shut down in a chain reaction .
official state the system be restore after several hour but service remain slow .
the failure affect weekend internet bank and shop traffic ahead of the NE_holiday-0 .
NE_company-0 be -CONST--0 of the largest internet provider in NE_country-0 .
a customer service operator from NE_company-0 state service experience difficulty and that some customer be n't able to access the web .
the operator would not state how ENT_amr-unknown-0 customer be affect .
privately @-@ own internet service NE_company-0 timedotcom in NE_country-0 state timedotcom have receive numerous complaint from customer of partial or no access to the NE_company-1 .
internet user in NE_city-0 report service interruption but no problem be report in NE_country-0 's software development centers of NE_city-1 and NE_city-2 .
internet service NE_company-0 in the NE_country-0 report an increase in signal early on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 and state the increase be an apparent attempt to congest the network .
NE_company-0 worker temporarily shut down dial @-@ up service in response to the increase in signal .
technical operator at NE_company-0 NE_person-0 state several signal come from an outside source that worker at NE_company-1 could not identify and the worker block the congestion attempt .
NE_person-0 state NE_company-0 be currently up on a normal workload .
official in the NE_country-0 say the attack on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 bore similarity to a NE_virus-0 in the summer of -CONST--3 which also halt traffic on much of the internet .
in -CONST--0 -CONST--1 the so @-@ call NE_virus-0 be release in the NE_country-0 and overwhelm e @-@ mail system worldwide .
the virus cause 10 s of million of dollar in damage .
prosecutor in the NE_country-0 dismiss all charge against a man accuse of release the virus because of a lack of applicable law .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( ph ) ; NE_country-1 ( us ) ; NE_country-2 ( sg )
international ; terrorism
NE_country-0 intelligence report reveal NE_country-1 @-@ based NE_criminal-organization-0 group 's plan to bomb embassy , NE_country-2 corporation , and warship in NE_country-3 and to crash hijack plane at NE_country-4 's national airport .
the plan be successfully stop in their final stage in -CONST--0 -CONST--1 and -CONST--2 cell member be arrest .
NE_country-0 intelligence report obtain by the NE_publication-0 reveal a NE_country-1 @-@ based NE_criminal-organization-0 group 's plan to attack embassy of the NE_country-2 , NE_country-3 , NE_country-4 and NE_country-5 , to attack NE_country-6 corporation and warship in NE_country-7 and to crash a hijack plane at the NE_country-8 's international airport .
the group order a chemist to buy -CONST--0 ton of ammonium nitrate .
the amount be -CONST--0 time the amount of explosive that NE_person-0 use to bomb the NE_building-0 .
the embassy attack be successfully stop in the final stage by NE_country-0 investigator and ally in NE_world-region-0 but the explosive be not recover .
-CONST--0 of the phillipine report state that NE_country-0 be a target for terrorist attack because of its -CONST--1 NE_country-1 resident and -CONST--2 multinational company include several american company .
the terrorist belong to NE_criminal-organization-0 designate by the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 as a terrorist organization and describe in -CONST--0 of the phillipine report as part of the broader NE_criminal-organization-1 syndicate .
the group plan attack in NE_country-0 before and after the hijacking in the NE_country-1 on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 .
the group be believe responsible for attack throughout NE_world-region-0 .
the group be suspect in the bombings in NE_island-0 that kill approximately -CONST--0 people in -CONST--1 -CONST--2 .
the attack in NE_country-0 be prevent after -CONST--0 individual be arrest in -CONST--1 -CONST--2 .
-CONST--0 of the individual arrest be release .
-CONST--0 of the NE_country-0 report state that local official and NE_world-region-0 business executive be shock by the ability of NE_criminal-organization-0 to plant operative in such a tightly control society as NE_country-1 .
the member of the -CONST--0 or -CONST--1 @-@ man terror cell lead normal life and avoid contact with known NE_religious-group-0 organization .
the member be not know to be active member of mosque in NE_country-0 .
in effort to avoid detection the member use code name and code number , communicate by e @-@ mail , encrypted their computer diskettes and use prepay mobile phone card .
investigator state that after the NE_country-0 military campaign begin in NE_country-1 member of NE_criminal-organization-0 plan to procure -CONST--0 ton of explosive material and buy -CONST--1 ton of ammonium nitrate in an operation to attack embassy in NE_country-2 .
the ammonium nitrate be purchase by capture NE_country-0 chemist and retire army captain NE_person-0 .
authority state that NE_person-0 host -CONST--0 -CONST--1 hijacker and the accuse terrorism NE_person-1 in NE_country-0 at different time in -CONST--2 .
authority state that NE_person-0 provide NE_person-1 with counterfeit document with which to enter the NE_country-0 .
NE_person-0 be arrest in -CONST--0 -CONST--1 in NE_state-0 and remain the only u.s. defendant indict as a conspirator with the perpetrator of the -CONST--2 -CONST--3 attack .
the NE_country-0 cell member be believe to be conduct reconnaissance when they be apprehend .
the explosive material be send to an NE_country-0 island off NE_country-1 .
during the attack plan an NE_country-0 and a NE_country-1 arrive in NE_country-2 with instruction for the embassy operation .
cell member guide them to the NE_country-0 embassy which be videotape include close @-@ up shot .
the adjoin NE_country-0 embassy be also videotape .
in a separate plot a member of the cell take digital photograph of NE_country-0 military aircraft and personnel use NE_country-1 's NE_airport-0 .
NE_country-0 authority believe a cell leader traveled to NE_country-1 and brief NE_criminal-organization-0 leader about the propose shuttle bus attack between -CONST--0 -CONST--1 and -CONST--2 -CONST--3 .
the NE_criminal-organization-0 official apparently turn down the plan because the target be not large enough .
a few day after the NE_country-0 arrest in -CONST--0 -CONST--1 a videotape be find in an abandon house in NE_city-0 , NE_country-1 in which a narrator describe location in NE_country-2 where bomb could be hide to attack NE_country-3 .
investigator search the home of those detain in NE_country-0 and find an identical videotape .
the NE_country-0 wing of NE_criminal-organization-0 may also have thai connection since at least -CONST--0 member who elude the -CONST--1 arrest flee to NE_country-1 .
-CONST--0 of the report state --
the group have previously plot to conduct -CONST--0 simultaneous explosion in different area of NE_country-0 .
the group have further plan to hijack a NE_country-0 , NE_country-1 or NE_country-2 plane and crash it into NE_airport-0 in order to threaten the NE_country-3 ENT_government-organization-0 to halt its military strike against NE_country-4 .
in -CONST--0 -CONST--1 NE_country-0 police announce the arrest of the alleged head of the cell in NE_country-1 NE_person-0 who be suspect of plan the airport attack .
NE_person-0 also be suspect in the propose shuttle bus attack .
the report arise after intelligence agent from NE_world-region-0 country realize after the -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 attack that many radical NE_religious-group-0 group in the region have close connection to each other and to NE_person-0 's terrorist network .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( in ) ; NE_country-1 ( fr )
international ; ENT_government-organization-0 ; technology ; military ; money
the defense minister of NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 met -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 to discuss how india can improve defense technology with NE_country-2 's guidance .
NE_country-0 be expect to close multiple deal with NE_country-1 soon regard the purchase of military equipment .
ENT_government-organization-0 representative of NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 state -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 that the 2 country be make progress on NE_country-2 's plan to purchase french @-@ make submarine and military aircraft .
french defense minister NE_person-0 state after talk with indian defense minister NE_person-1 that the defense partnership between NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 be exemplary in intensity and diversity .
NE_person-0 complete a -CONST--0 @-@ day visit to NE_country-0 on -CONST--1 -CONST--2 , -CONST--3 .
the political situation in NE_country-0 after the fall of NE_person-0 , NE_country-1 and the global fight against terrorism influence NE_person-1 's visit .
NE_person-0 state that NE_country-0 be consider many new contract for NE_country-1 submarine , military aircraft and other defense equipment .
NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 will soon conclude a -CONST--0 dollar agreement to build -CONST--1 NE_submarine-0 in india under a technology transfer deal .
the deal be still await final approval by the NE_country-0 NE_organization-0 .
the deal would allow the submarine to be supply to the NE_country-0 NE_military-0 between -CONST--0 and -CONST--1 .
the submarine would be arm with NE_country-0 @-@ make NE_missile-0 anti @-@ ship missile .
NE_person-0 state that talk be likely to result in the successful completion of the deal by the end of -CONST--0 .
the NE_country-0 NE_military-0 be consider buy -CONST--0 multi @-@ role fighter plane to replace its aging NE_country-1 @-@ make NE_aircraft-type-0 .
NE_country-0 have be attempt to sell NE_jet-0 fighter NE_jet-1 to NE_country-1 for -CONST--0 year .
defense deal take year to conclude in NE_country-0 because every agreement must be approve by several ministry and can be stall by opposition party .
NE_person-0 state that the -CONST--0 side in the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 have the competence and equivalent interest in defense cooperation and that the -CONST--1 side must work together for deal to be complete .
the ENT_government-organization-0 of NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 share the position that the NE_organization-0 should lead effort for the physical reconstruction of NE_country-2 and that the political reconstruction of NE_country-3 should be the responsibility of the local people .
NE_person-0 state that it be critical that iraqi people take charge of the political restructure of NE_country-0 .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( pk ) ; NE_country-1 ( islamic republic of ) ( ir )
international ; politics ; crime ; ENT_government-organization-0 ; narcotic ; human right
official from NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 meet to discuss effort against cross @-@ border drug smuggle and human traffic at the begin of ENT_temporal-quantity-0 security talk .
priority at the meet include a proposal to create coordinated patrol and intelligence exchange and a plan to post security agent at border point .
official state that official from NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 discuss effort against cross @-@ border drug smuggle and human traffic at the begin of ENT_temporal-quantity-0 security talk on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 .
NE_country-0 's interior ministry spokesman NE_person-0 state that NE_country-1 's deputy interior minister for security affair NE_person-1 and NE_country-2 's NE_government-organization-0 secretary NE_person-2 meet in NE_city-0 for the conference that will occur from -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 through -CONST--3 -CONST--4 -CONST--5 .
NE_person-0 state a proposal to create coordinated patrol and intelligence exchange will be a priority .
NE_person-0 and NE_person-1 will also discuss a plan to post security agent at border point to deter human trafficker .
NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 straddle a major conduit for illegal drug destine mainly for NE_world-region-0 market .
NE_country-0 official state the week of -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 that official have seize the largest ever drug haul -CONST--3 kilogram ( 2970 pound ) of heroin with an estimate value of 500 million NE_country-1 dollar .
the seizure be conduct in the mountain of southwest NE_province-0 near the NE_country-0 border .
NE_person-0 be schedule to meet other NE_country-0 official include foreign minister NE_person-1 in NE_city-0 , and the governor of NE_world-region-0 in the regional capital of NE_city-1 .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( il ) ; NE_country-1 )
war and conflict ; terrorism ; international ; politics
attack on shop mall be ENT_ordinal-entity-0 suicide bomb in NE_country-0 in -CONST--0 hour follow recommencement of israeli @-@ NE_country-1 peace talk .
NE_person-0 resist renew pressure from the cabinet to expel NE_person-1 because the NE_country-0 oppose arafat 's expulsion as a potential derailment to the road map plan that would exacerbate the situation .
NE_person-0 promise to focus on the -CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 conflict after the NE_war-0 .
ENT_date-entity-0 NE_person-0 state --
the NE_person-0 ENT_government-organization-0 be determine to pursue a peace plan with the objective of end violence and establish a NE_country-0 state by -CONST--0 .
the peace process be arduous but will not be abandon until peace be achieve .
NE_person-0 's commitment encourage hope of a breakthrough to end -CONST--0 month of violence but NE_country-0 militant have often prevent progress by increase attack at critical ENT_temporal-quantity-0 in peacemaking .
NE_person-0 's insistence on ceasefire before the begin of negotiation have grant veto power to the militant .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 )
international ; crime ; narcotic
NE_country-0 prosecutor seize -CONST--0 pound of illegal drug from a NE_country-1 @-@ own ship .
several nation include the NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 accuse NE_country-2 of be a major supplier of illegal drug to NE_continent-0 .
NE_country-0 have seize -CONST--0 shipment of drug from NE_country-1 @-@ own ship .
prosecutor in NE_country-0 's largest port on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 seize -CONST--3 kilogram ( 176 pound ) of illegal drug .
NE_country-0 media state the drug may have originate from NE_country-1 .
NE_city-0 custom official NE_person-0 state prosecutor follow a tip and find methamphetamines in a container in southeastern NE_city-1 .
NE_person-0 could not give further detail .
NE_country-0 's NE_publication-0 quote unidentified custom official as state the drug have an estimate street value of -CONST--0 won ( 250 million american dollar ) .
the news agency quote the official as state the drug might have come from -CONST--0 and that the container be from NE_country-0 and arrive in NE_city-0 after stop at a port in northeastern NE_country-1 known as NE_port-0 .
the news agency state that prosecutor be investigate .
official at NE_government-organization-0 be not immediately available for comment the even of -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 .
official from the NE_country-0 , NE_country-1 and other nation accuse NE_country-2 of be a major supplier of heroin , methamphetamine and other narcotic to NE_continent-0 .
a NE_country-0 NE_government-organization-0 report on global narcotic traffic state many NE_country-1 include diplomatic employee have be apprehend abroad while traffic illegal drug .
NE_country-0 official be suspect of build nuclear weapon .
drug traffic , counterfeit NE_country-0 dollar and missile sale be believe to generate much of NE_country-1 's hard currency as NE_country-2 be an impoverished country .
in -CONST--0 -CONST--1 NE_country-0 authority seize -CONST--2 kilogram ( 110 pound ) of heroin worth -CONST--3 american dollar from a NE_country-1 @-@ own ship .
NE_country-0 authority charge -CONST--0 of the ship 's crew member with aid and abet the import of an illegal product .
NE_country-0 official state the vessel be own by NE_country-1 's rule NE_political-party-0 and raise the possibility of north korean involvement .
NE_city-0 official deny involvement .
NE_country-0 police state police have uncover -CONST--0 kilogram ( 165 pound ) of heroin believe to be link to the same NE_country-1 ship the week of -CONST--1 -CONST--2 -CONST--3 .
the heroin be find near the site where the previous stash be discover in -CONST--0 -CONST--1 .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ) ; NE_country-1 ( au )
international ; crime ; narcotic ; politics ; government
north korean media deny involvement in drug traffic after NE_country-0 authority seize illegal drug from a north korean @-@ own vessel and state that australian authority be in league with the NE_country-1 ENT_government-organization-0 in discriminate against NE_country-2 .
in -CONST--0 -CONST--1 NE_country-0 authority find -CONST--2 kilogram ( 110 pound ) of heroin worth -CONST--3 american dollar on a NE_country-1 @-@ own ship and charge the -CONST--4 crew member of the ship with aid and abet the import of an illegal product .
NE_country-0 authority state the vessel be own by -CONST--0 's rule NE_political-party-0 and raise the possibility of NE_country-1 involvement .
the week of -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 NE_country-0 police state police have seize -CONST--3 kilogram ( 165 pound ) of heroin believe to be link to the same NE_country-1 ship .
on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 north korean official reject allegation that the people of NE_country-0 be involve in drug traffic and accuse NE_country-1 official of join ENT_government-organization-0 in NE_city-0 in an attempt to suppress NE_country-2 .
NE_country-0 state @-@ run news NE_agency-0 state --
NE_country-0 official clarify that NE_country-1 ENT_government-organization-0 strictly ban drug misuse and smuggle and have nothing to do with the recent case .
the NE_country-0 ship be a non @-@ ENT_government-organization-0 trade ship and the owner of the ship do not know about the alleged drug smuggle .
the case be a product of the political intrigue of the NE_country-0 and some undesirable force in NE_country-1 to invent a pretext to impair the authority of the NE_country-2 and attack the NE_country-3 .
official from the NE_country-0 , NE_country-1 , and other nation accuse NE_country-2 of be a major supplier of heroin , methamphetamine and other narcotic to NE_continent-0 .
a NE_country-0 NE_government-organization-0 report on global narcotic traffic state many NE_country-1 include employee at overseas embassy have be apprehend abroad while traffic illegal drug .
drug traffic , counterfeit NE_country-0 dollar and missile sale be believe to generate much of NE_country-1 's hard currency as NE_country-2 be an impoverished country suspect of build nuclear weapon .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( af )
terrorism
bomb occur in NE_country-0 as attack by anti @-@ ENT_government-organization-0 insurgent increase in recent day .
official have not name party responsible but have previously blame NE_criminal-organization-0 and their ally for attack in the region .
a bomb occur in NE_country-0 but police have not yet state ENT_amr-unknown-0 be responsible .
authority have previously blame NE_criminal-organization-0 and their ally for attack in the south and east of NE_country-0 .
NE_person-0 be the president 's representative in southern NE_province-0 .
NE_person-0 have no official function .
the younger NE_person-0 be not in the house at the time of the explosion .
attack by anti @-@ ENT_government-organization-0 insurgent have become increasingly bold and deadly with 100 -CONST--0 of rebel attack police station in eastern NE_country-0 in recent day .
several policemen have be kill and others have be capture .
president NE_person-0 recently replace the governor of southern NE_province-0 NE_person-1 with another ethnic pashtun NE_person-2
this replacement be an effort to reduce the power of regional warlord and to extend the ENT_government-organization-0 's authority beyond the capital of NE_city-0 .
there be no indication of whether the bomb explosion be link to insurgent or to tribal rivalry .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( al )
international ; crime ; weapon
NE_country-0 NE_person-0 have be convict and sentence in absentia for weapon traffic .
NE_person-0 be capture in NE_country-0 on an international arrest warrant .
-CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 -- NE_country-0 NE_person-0 have be convict and sentence in absentia for weapon traffic .
NE_person-0 be capture in NE_country-0 on an international arrest warrant .
in -CONST--0 NE_person-0 be sentence to -CONST--1 year in prison after escape arrest .
circumstance of NE_person-0 's arrest be unclear .
NE_person-0 may have be stop by police because for not have a passport and later arrest on the basis of the international warrant .
on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 NE_person-0 be deport to NE_country-0 .
NE_person-0 be a resident of village in NE_district-0 .
NE_district-0 be locate -CONST--0 kilometers ( 125 mile ) northeast of NE_city-0 and border NE_country-0 .
approximately -CONST--0 weapon may have reach ethnic NE_country-0 militant fight in NE_country-1 and NE_country-2 .
NE_country-0 have collect -CONST--0 of the weapon .
illegally hold weapon be a major problem in NE_country-0 .
an estimate -CONST--0 arm be hold by private citizen in NE_country-0 .
in -CONST--0 an estimate ENT_date-entity-0 weapon , 839 million round of ammunition and 16 million explosive device disappear from NE_country-0 during unrest that follow riot .
the riot start after pyramid scheme into which most NE_country-0 have invest their savings have collapse .
NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 border NE_country-2 .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( jo ) ; NE_country-1 ( us )
energy ; politics
in -CONST--0 -CONST--1 NE_country-0 sign an accord with the NE_country-1 aim at support the peaceful development of the NE_country-2 's nascent nuclear program .
in -CONST--0 NE_country-0 's king NE_person-0 appoint a new top energy official .
on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 NE_country-0 's state NE_agency-0 news agency state --
NE_country-0 king NE_person-0 appoint a new top energy official .
the energy official be appoint amid NE_country-0 's heighten plan for a peaceful nuclear program .
a royal decree appoint NE_person-0 as secretary general for the NE_government-organization-0 .
NE_organization-0 previously head the NE_government-organization-0 at the ministry .
in -CONST--0 -CONST--1 the NE_country-0 sign an accord with NE_country-1 aim at support the peaceful development of jodran 's new nuclear program .
under the accord the NE_country-0 agree to help NE_country-1 develop requirement for appropriate power reactor , fuel service arrangement , civilian train , nuclear safety , and energy technology .
earlier in -CONST--0 NE_person-0 announce that --
NE_person-0 intend to develop a peaceful nuclear program .
alternative energy source be need to generate electricity and desalinate water in NE_country-0 .
NE_country-0 have sign the NE_treaty-0 .
NE_country-0 have long call for a NE_world-region-0 free of weapon of mass destruction .
NE_country-0 be the NE_country-1 ' NE_world-region-0 ally .
NE_country-0 be oil @-@ poor .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ) ; NE_country-1 ( us )
international ; ENT_government-organization-0 ; proliferation
NE_country-0 's incoming ENT_government-organization-0 deny that NE_country-1 be consider participate in a NE_country-2 @-@ lead program aim at stop the spread of weapon of mass destruction by country such as NE_country-3 .
on ENT_date-entity-0 NE_country-0 's incoming ENT_government-organization-0 deny a local media report state that NE_country-1 be consider participate in a NE_country-2 @-@ lead program aim at stop the spread of weapon of mass destruction by country such as NE_country-3 .
the NE_newspaper-0 report the incoming south korean ENT_government-organization-0 of president @-@ elect NE_person-0 be consider a NE_government-organization-0 suggestion that NE_country-0 should consider become a full member of the NE_organization-0 .
the NE_organization-0 call for stop and search ship suspect of carry weapon of mass destruction .
the south korean NE_government-organization-0 reportedly make the recommendation suggest that NE_country-0 should consider become a full member of the NE_organization-0 during a brief to the south korean ENT_government-organization-0 transition team on ENT_date-entity-0 .
the NE_newspaper-0 report state that the south korean NE_government-organization-0 state that become a full member of the NE_organization-0 would be helpful in strengthen NE_country-0 's alliance with the NE_country-1 .
the south korean NE_government-organization-0 spokesman NE_person-0 also decline to confirm that the NE_government-organization-1 have make the proposal suggest that NE_country-0 should consider become a full member of the NE_organization-0 .
in a -CONST--0 sentence statement issue later in the day on ENT_date-entity-0 NE_person-0 state that there be no change in the south korean ENT_government-organization-0 's basic position that we support the purpose and principle of the NE_organization-0 and NE_country-0 will adjust the scope of NE_country-1 's participation accord to NE_country-2 's judgment .
NE_person-0 state without any further elaboration to the NE_publication-0 that the incoming NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 have not discuss the NE_organization-0 at all .
NE_person-0 be a transition team spokesman .
the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 have warn the NE_country-1 government against participate in the NE_program-0 .
the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 state if the NE_country-1 ENT_government-organization-1 participate in the NE_program-0 it would result in unspecified catastrophic consequence .
the NE_organization-0 be launch in ENT_date-entity-0 primarily to deter trade in missile and nuclear technology by state such as NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 .
country participate in the NE_organization-0 hold maritime drill to search ship suspect of carry nuclear , chemical and biological weapon , material to make these weapon , or missile to deliver these weapon .
NE_country-0 have only be an observer to the NE_program-0 and the south korean ENT_government-organization-0 have so far refuse NE_country-1 request to become a full member of the NE_program-1 .
the south korean ENT_government-organization-0 have state that NE_country-0 do not want to provoke NE_country-1 .
NE_country-0 view the NE_program-0 as a NE_country-1 attempt to overthrow the communist regime in NE_country-2 .
the NE_country-0 be lead by a liberal ENT_government-organization-0 .
NE_person-0 have state that he would strengthen relation with the NE_country-0 because the NE_country-1 and NE_country-2 lack trust under the outgo south korean ENT_government-organization-0 .
NE_person-0 be a conservative former NE_city-0 mayor .
NE_person-0 will take take the office of the president of NE_country-0 on ENT_date-entity-0 .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( br )
international ; military ; technology
the brazilian ENT_government-organization-0 be seek to buy military technology from NE_country-0 that could help NE_country-1 build a nuclear submarine .
it also want to establish a strategic partnership with NE_country-0 involve exchange of experience and knowledge and hope to discuss deal involve NE_country-1 's NE_jet-0 fighter jet and the NE_helicopter-0 cargo helicopter .
NE_country-0 's NE_government-organization-0 say ENT_date-entity-0 that the brazilian ENT_government-organization-0 be seek to buy military technology from NE_country-1 that could help NE_country-2 become the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 country in NE_world-region-0 to have a nuclear submarine .
NE_government-organization-0 spokesman NE_person-0 say defense minister NE_person-1 traveled to NE_country-0 during ENT_date-entity-0 @-@ ENT_date-entity-1 with the main objective of the visit be to discuss the possible purchase of a diesel @-@ power NE_product-0 class submarine that would serve as a model for the development of a nuclear submarine .
NE_person-0 say that any defense @-@ related agreement that may eventually be sign with the ENT_government-organization-0 of NE_country-0 must include the transfer of technology and note that NE_country-1 have nuclear reactor and fuel enrichment capacity but have not have the technology to build a nuclear submarine .
NE_person-0 decline to confirm a report publish ENT_date-entity-0 by the NE_newspaper-0 say that the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 would buy the submarine for us $ -CONST--0 and pay off the amount over -CONST--1 year at an ENT_temporal-quantity-0 interest rate of -CONST--2 ENT_percentage-entity-0 .
the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 have discuss build a nuclear submarine for ENT_temporal-quantity-0 and begin a formal program in -CONST--0 .
president NE_person-0 announce NE_country-0 $ -CONST--0 in new fund for the program and for exist uranium enrichment effort in ENT_date-entity-0 .
executive director of NE_city-0 @-@ based nonpartisan research NE_group-0 NE_person-0 say that NE_country-0 will surely become the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 country in NE_world-region-0 to have a nuclear submarine if a NE_country-1 @-@ NE_country-2 agreement result in the construction of a nuclear submarine .
other topic of NE_person-0 's visit to NE_country-0 :
NE_person-0 say the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 want to establish a strategic partnership with NE_country-1 which would involve the exchange of experience and knowledge and note that NE_country-2 be interest in NE_country-3 jungle warfare knowledge in term of both tactic and the use of electronic equipment in the humidity of tropical rain forest .
NE_person-0 say that the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 also hope to discuss deal involve NE_country-1 's NE_jet-0 fighter jet and the NE_helicopter-0 cargo helicopter but give no additional detail .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( de )
proliferation ; international ; terrorism
NE_organization-0 director NE_person-0 say the biggest danger face the world be not new nuclear state but the risk of extremist group obtain atomic weapon .
director general of the NE_organization-0 NE_organization-1 NE_person-0 tell a conference of the world 's top defense official on ENT_date-entity-0 that the biggest danger face the world be not new nuclear state but the risk of extremist group obtain atomic weapon .
NE_person-0 urge a reduction of the world 's nuclear stockpile and better control and say that an extremist group would use nuclear weapon upon procure such weapon .
NE_person-0 say that even country which have nuclear weapon know that a country which use nuclear weapon will be pulverize but that extremist group will use nuclear weapon if possible .
NE_person-0 say that country need to be aware that extremist group procure nuclear weapon be the number -CONST--0 security threat the world be face and add as a note of caution that give the state of the system of international control it be hard to determine whether nuclear material be end up with extremist group .
NE_person-0 say much of the material that be report steal be never recover and that a lot of the material recover have never be report steal .
NE_person-0 say in reference to NE_country-0 that the international community should quickly engage in talk with the -CONST--0 ENT_government-organization-0 to secure guarantee that the -CONST--1 nuclear program will not be use to develop weapon and that such confidence can only be build through direct negotiation .
NE_country-0 sen. NE_person-0 say that NE_country-1 remain the world 's top arm control challenge and that it would be a profound mistake to focus on the recent NE_country-2 NE_publication-0 that suggest NE_country-3 no long have a nuclear weapon program .
NE_person-0 point out that in the NE_report-0 which say that the -CONST--0 ENT_government-organization-0 's covert work on bomb design may have be temporarily suspend in 03000 it be also and far more importantly state that NE_country-0 's overt work on enrichment continue apace .
NE_country-0 foreign minister NE_person-0 similarly emphasize that the NE_report-0 in no way grant NE_country-1 any kind of absolution .
NE_country-0 have be work with the -CONST--0 permanent NE_organization-0 member on the NE_country-1 nuclear issue .
NE_person-0 consequently believe it be right for the international community to keep up the pressure on NE_country-0 .
NE_person-0 say that in the interest of global safety the international community 's common goal must continue to be to prevent NE_country-0 nuclear armament and to counteract the erosion of the NE_treaty-0 .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( at ) ; NE_country-1 ( in ) ; NE_country-2 ( br )
crime ; health ; international
the NE_event-0 on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 have reveal that organ traffic be become a prominent issue .
among one of the conclusion from the NE_event-0 be that top transplant surgeon be involve in the trade .
an expert state on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 that top transplant surgeon in NE_country-0 be collaborate with criminal organ traffic network to target desperate people .
during the NE_event-0 human traffic NE_person-0 state that organ traffic involve people from the highest level of profession .
NE_person-0 also state that some surgeon be willing to collaborate with the key factor of the organ trade include criminal network , broker and kidney hunter .
recently a man in NE_country-0 be accuse of be the leader of a syndicate that be allege to have illegally remove -CONST--0 of kidney include some from poor laborers hold at gunpoint .
NE_country-0 police state that the man head an illegal organ transplant ring based in the upscale NE_city-0 NE_suburb-0 .
the syndicate may have sell up to -CONST--0 kidney to client who traveled to NE_country-0 from around the world in the past -CONST--1 year .
NE_person-0 state that no accurate estimate of how many people be traffic for organ exist but a conservative estimate would be -CONST--0 traffic kidney per year .
NE_person-0 state that there strong case document coercion in NE_world-region-0 , NE_country-0 , NE_country-1 , NE_country-2 and the NE_country-3 .
NE_person-0 state that most victim of kidney traffic be coerce by need and not by physical force .
in NE_country-0 people be compete to be choose for kidney traffic .
individual stuff -CONST--0 dollar bill into the pocket of a kidney broker .
NE_person-0 state that this competition be drive by desperation .
NE_person-0 state that traffic do not have to be transnational and can also be find within country .
a -CONST--0 -CONST--1 NE_journal-0 include a paper that note that the shortage of an indigenous supply of organ have lead to the development of the international organ trade .
NE_person-0 write the paper .
the paper also note that the international organ trade be not well understand because of a lack of data and lack of effort to integrate the available information .
the NE_event-0 end on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 and be be convene by the NE_organization-0 global initiative to fight human traffic .
NE_person-0 be found director of NE_organization-0 , a professor , and the director of NE_university-0 at NE_city-0 's medical anthropology program .
NE_organization-0 be an academic research project based at the NE_university-0 at NE_city-0 .
NE_organization-0 have a presence in -CONST--0 country with anthropologist , human right activist and doctor who volunteer .
some people volunteer anonymously .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( gb ) ; NE_country-1 ( iq )
international ; war and conflict ; politics ; ENT_government-organization-0 ; leader ; military
the NE_country-0 's NE_government-organization-0 release an early version of a ENT_date-entity-0 dossier of prewar intelligence on NE_country-1 that become vital to NE_person-0 's case for go to war in NE_country-2 .
on ENT_date-entity-0 the NE_country-0 's NE_government-organization-0 release an early version of a ENT_date-entity-1 dossier of prewar intelligence on NE_country-1 that become vital to NE_person-0 's case for go to war in NE_country-2 .
foreign secretary NE_person-0 publish a draft of the dossier on NE_country-0 's weapon capability follow a request under freedom of information law .
the dossier of prewar intelligence on NE_country-0 include reference to intelligence claim that NE_country-1 have acquire uranium and have equipment necessary to produce chemical weapon .
the dossier of prewar intelligence on NE_country-0 do not contain a claim that NE_country-1 could launch weapon of mass destruction within -CONST--0 minute .
the claim that NE_country-0 could launch weapon of mass destruction within -CONST--0 minute be an allegation that become crucial to NE_person-0 's support of the ENT_date-entity-0 NE_country-1 lead invasion of NE_country-2 and the allegation be later discredit .
freedom of information campaigner allege the assertion that that NE_country-0 could launch weapon of mass destruction within -CONST--0 minute be insert into later draft of the dossier of prewar intelligence shortly before the dossier be publish on the order of NE_person-0 's office in order to strengthen the case for war in NE_country-1 .
the freedom of information campaigner allegation be strongly deny by ENT_government-organization-0 of the NE_country-0 .
NE_person-0 state that the early draft of dossier of prewar intelligence on NE_country-0 be not use as the basis for later document that be draft by the NE_organization-0 .
the early draft of dossier of prewar intelligence on NE_country-0 be produce by then NE_government-organization-0 press office chief NE_person-0 .
NE_person-0 present a final draft of the NE_organization-0 dossier to the NE_country-0 's NE_government-organization-0 on ENT_date-entity-0 .
the final draft of the NE_organization-0 dossier include the claim that NE_country-0 could launch weapon of mass destruction within -CONST--0 minute .
the name of the NE_organization-0 dossier be NE_country-0 's weapon of mass destruction .
a ENT_ordinal-entity-0 document be publish in ENT_date-entity-0 be find to have repeat verbatim part of an academic study on NE_country-0 's suppose concealment of weapon of mass destruction .
the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 document that be publish in ENT_date-entity-0 become know as the dodgy dossier .
NE_person-0 state in ENT_date-entity-0 that NE_person-1 believe that NE_person-2 have replace question mark with exclamation mark in intelligence dossier to justify the decision to invade NE_country-0 .
NE_person-0 be the former NE_organization-0 chief weapon inspector .
NE_person-0 's -CONST--0 official inquiry into the intelligence on NE_country-0 do not fault NE_person-1 's ENT_government-organization-0 .
NE_person-0 's -CONST--0 official inquiry criticize intelligence official for relying in part on seriously flaw or unreliable source .
NE_person-0 state that the dossier have push the ENT_government-organization-0 of the NE_country-0 's case to the limit of available intelligence and leave out vital caveat .
NE_country-0 's ENT_government-organization-0 weapon scientist NE_person-0 kill himself in ENT_date-entity-0 after he be expose as the source of a NE_company-0 report that accuse NE_person-1 's NE_road-0 office of embellish intelligence to make a stronger case for war in NE_country-1 .
on ENT_date-entity-0 NE_person-0 state in NE_newspaper-0 that many within NE_country-0 's ENT_government-organization-0 have fail to find problem with NE_person-1 's case for join the invasion of NE_country-1 .
the ENT_date-entity-0 statement in the NE_newspaper-0 be write by NE_person-0 .
on ENT_date-entity-0 NE_person-0 state in the NE_newspaper-0 that other people be more perceptive than the many within ENT_government-organization-0 have fail to find problem with NE_person-1 's case for join the invasion of NE_country-0 and that one of these more perceptive people be the former NE_country-1 foreign secretary NE_person-2 .
NE_person-0 be one of the minister NE_person-1 advise for a time .
NE_person-0 criticize the decision of freedom of information authority to order the release of the NE_person-1 document .
NE_person-0 state in write that official and other people who draft policy document should not feel constrain in present free and frank advice through fear that their idea will be make public .
NE_person-0 resign from NE_person-1 's cabinet in opposition to the NE_war-0 because NE_person-2 claim he could not support military action without international approval .
NE_person-0 die in ENT_date-entity-0 .
NE_person-0 write in the NE_newspaper-0 on ENT_date-entity-0 that NE_person-1 be right and the people who carry on work for the ENT_government-organization-0 of the NE_country-0 be wrong .
NE_person-0 criticize the decision of freedom of information authority to order the release of NE_person-1 written statement .
NE_person-0 written statement can be find on the internet at -CONST--0 : //www.fco.gov.uk/files/kfile/wmd--jul--2002.pdf .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( af )
war and conflict ; narcotic ; international
a bomb blast kill -CONST--0 NE_military-0 soldier in eastern NE_country-0 and the NE_military-1 announce the seizure of -CONST--1 NE_country-1 dollar worth of opium in the south of NE_country-2 .
on ENT_date-entity-0 the NE_military-0 state that a roadside bomb blast kill -CONST--0 NE_military-1 soldier patrol in eastern NE_country-0 and wound -CONST--1 other NE_military-2 soldier .
NE_military-0 state that a seizure of -CONST--0 NE_country-0 dollar worth of opium take place in the south of NE_country-1 .
the NE_military-0 's NE_military-1 state that the NE_military-2 soldier be on routine patrol when the bomb detonate in the NE_district-0 of NE_province-0 on ENT_date-entity-0 .
the NE_military-0 do not provide the nationality of the NE_military-1 soldier kill .
accord to an NE_publication-0 tally of figure from the NE_military-0 and the NE_country-0 @-@ lead coalition , -CONST--0 foreign troop have kill in NE_country-1 so far this year .
insurgency @-@ related violence kill -CONST--0 foreign troop and more than -CONST--1 people in total in NE_country-0 in ENT_date-entity-0 .
ENT_date-entity-0 be the deadliest year since the NE_country-0 @-@ lead invasion of NE_country-1 begin in -CONST--0 .
on ENT_date-entity-0 the NE_military-0 state that NE_military-1 soldier and NE_country-0 soldier discover and destroy a large quantity of opium during a patrol last week in the NE_district-0 of southern NE_province-0 .
NE_province-0 have be the frontline of the bloodiest battle in recent year between militant and foreign force .
NE_province-0 be the world 's largest opium @-@ produce region .
official estimate that up to -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 of proceed from NE_country-0 's drug trade be use to fund the insurgency .
-CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 of proceed of NE_country-0 's drug trade be worth -CONST--1 of NE_country-1 dollar .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( co )
international ; proliferation ; terrorism
NE_country-0 vice president NE_person-0 state to the main world disarmament body in NE_city-0 that NE_country-1 police have find computer evidence indicate the NE_criminal-organization-0 movement have be attempt to obtain radioactive material to build dirty bomb .
NE_person-0 state the NE_criminal-organization-0 movement be apparently negotiate for radioactive material .
NE_country-0 vice president NE_person-0 state to the main world disarmament body in NE_city-0 that colombian police have find computer evidence indicate the leftist NE_criminal-organization-0 have be attempt to obtain radioactive material to build dirty bomb .
NE_person-0 state NE_country-0 police find the evidence in -CONST--0 computer discover with slain rebel NE_person-1 .
NE_person-0 state the NE_criminal-organization-0 movement be apparently negotiate for radioactive material .
NE_person-0 state the radioactive material be the primary basis for generate crude weapon of mass destruction and terrorism .
NE_country-0 official have already disclose that official find document suggest the rebel have buy and sell uranium .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( co ) ; NE_country-1 ( ec )
technology ; crime ; proliferation ; international
NE_country-0 's vice president NE_person-0 state to the world disarmament body on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 that police find computer evidence indicate the NE_criminal-organization-0 have be try to obtain radioactive material for dirty bomb to threaten NE_world-region-0 .
NE_country-0 's vice president NE_person-0 state to the world disarmament body on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 that police find computer evidence indicate -CONST--3 's main leftist rebel group call the -CONST--4 -CONST--5 -CONST--6 -CONST--7 -CONST--8 have be try to obtain radioactive material for dirty bomb to threaten NE_world-region-0 .
NE_person-0 state that NE_country-0 police find the evidence on -CONST--0 computer discover with NE_person-1 .
the NE_organization-0 contain -CONST--0 member .
NE_person-0 state that NE_country-0 will readily provide the committee with any information request on the topic of the connection between drug traffic and terrorist group .
NE_country-0 security force kill NE_person-0 on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 in NE_country-1 .
NE_person-0 be second in command of the NE_organization-0 and be the public face of the group as well as the group 's spokesman .
NE_country-0 state on -CONST--0 , -CONST--1 that the country find computer document suggest the rebel have buy and sell uranium .
NE_person-0 state that the development demonstrate that the economic power of drug traffic be enable terrorist group to constitute a serious threat not only to NE_country-0 but to the entire andean and NE_world-region-0 region .
uranium be a radioactive material which be the primary basis for generate dirty weapon of mass destruction and terrorism .
NE_person-0 state that the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 be make stride to increase security inside the NE_country-1 and to combat terrorist access to weapon .
NE_person-0 also state that NE_country-0 have manage an unprecedented reduction in all level of violence .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( co )
proliferation ; politics
NE_country-0 be worry about rebel plan involve obtain uranium but have no evidence of plot for dirty bomb .
the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 be worry about document on the laptop of a slain rebel leader indicate the guerrilla be try to obtain uranium .
NE_country-0 vice president NE_person-0 have tell the -CONST--0 @-@ member NE_conference-0 on ENT_date-entity-0 that the NE_country-1 ENT_government-organization-0 be alarm because uranium be the primary basis for generate dirty weapon of mass destruction and for terrorism .
NE_person-0 back off slightly and tell the NE_publication-0 on ENT_date-entity-0 that NE_country-0 authority have no evidence or indication that the NE_criminal-organization-0 be seek to use the uranium to build a radioactive dirty bomb .
NE_person-0 say in a telephone interview from NE_city-0 that what NE_person-1 have mean be to take note and not take it lightly and say that put the NE_criminal-organization-0 rebel and the word uranium in the same sentence be alarm .
the NE_government-organization-0 have an office in NE_city-0 and spokesman NE_person-0 say in NE_city-1 that the NE_government-organization-1 have no information or intelligence regard the NE_criminal-organization-0 attempt to use weapon of mass destruction .
the NE_criminal-organization-0 have be fight successive NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 for more than -CONST--0 decade use conventional weapon .
the document address uranium be find in a laptop belong to a top NE_criminal-organization-0 commander name NE_person-0 .
NE_person-0 be kill on ENT_date-entity-0 in a raid into NE_country-0 that have generate intense international criticism .
the poorly write communication address to NE_person-0 be ENT_date-entity-0 and be sign by NE_person-1 .
NE_person-0 say NE_person-1 command a NE_criminal-organization-0 front near NE_country-0 .
NE_person-0 write that a man name NE_man-0 in NE_city-0 supply NE_person-1 with explosive and sent NE_person-2 a catalog and specification .
NE_person-0 write that NE_person-1 propose to sell each kilo at us $ -CONST--0 and deliver it and that NE_person-2 and NE_person-3 would then find a buyer .
NE_person-0 write the deal would be with a ENT_government-organization-0 and to sell ENT_government-organization-1 a sizable amount .
NE_person-0 write NE_person-1 have -CONST--0 kilo ready and could sell a lot more as NE_person-2 have direct contact with uranium supplier .
the uranium reference in NE_person-0 's write be quickly cite by NE_country-0 's ENT_government-organization-0 while seek to deflect criticism over the raid .
gen. NE_person-0 say at an explosive news conference that the NE_criminal-organization-0 mention negotiation for -CONST--0 kilo of uranium mean that the NE_criminal-organization-1 be take big step in the world of terrorism to become a global aggressor and be not just domestic guerrilla but transnational terrorist .
NE_person-0 take NE_country-0 's complaint to the NE_organization-0 's foreign affair NE_person-1 solano on ENT_date-entity-0 .
NE_person-0 tell the NE_publication-0 after meet with NE_person-1 that the NE_continent-0 be really worry about the uranium and be not take the issue lightly .
NE_country-0 official say they have no other information from the laptop or other source indicate NE_criminal-organization-0 interest in radioactive material or unconventional weapon .
it be n't clear what exactly the material NE_person-0 be write about might be .
NE_person-0 say the uranium mention in the communication sound like process uranium .
the price mention suggest that the uranium would be process and hence dangerous .
NE_person-0 be a physicist with the NE_organization-0 in NE_city-0 and say that unprocessed uranium be relatively harmless and go for about NE_country-0 $ -CONST--0 -CONST--1 kilo .
NE_person-0 express fear if the uranium in question be the highly enrich weapon @-@ grade uranium capable of be use in a low @-@ yield improvise nuclear device .
NE_person-0 be not aware of any highly enrich uranium of appreciable quantity in the region near NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
viet nam ( NE_country-0 ) ; NE_country-1 ( au )
narcotic ; crime ; international
an appeal court in NE_country-0 have sentence an NE_country-1 woman to death for heroin traffic overturn her original sentence of life imprisonment .
the NE_country-0 @-@ born woman apprehend at the NE_city-0 airport state she be hire by an unidentified man to ship the heroin to NE_country-1 .
on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 a court official state that an appeal court in NE_city-0 , NE_country-0 have sentence an NE_country-1 woman to death for heroin traffic .
the anonymous court official state that at the -CONST--0 @-@ day trial on -CONST--1 -CONST--2 -CONST--3 NE_country-0 @-@ NE_person-0 of NE_city-0 , NE_country-1 be convict of traffic -CONST--4 kilogram ( -CONST--5 pound ) of heroin .
the court official cite NE_country-0 policy for speak under condition of anonymity .
NE_person-0 be apprehend in -CONST--0 -CONST--1 at the NE_city-0 airport while prepare to board a flight to NE_city-1 with heroin conceal in her shoe and luggage .
in -CONST--0 -CONST--1 a lower court sentence NE_person-0 to life in prison but prosecutor appeal the rule .
the court official state that on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 NE_person-0 state to judge that she be hire by an unidentified man to ship the heroin to NE_country-0 in exchange for -CONST--3 NE_country-1 dollar ( 9500 euro ) .
NE_person-0 state she be give approximately -CONST--0 NE_country-0 dollar ( 2980 euro ) in advance with the balance to be pay in NE_country-1 .
NE_country-0 have among the world 's strict drug law .
possession , trade or traffic of more than -CONST--0 gram ( 1.3 pound ) of heroin or -CONST--1 kilogram ( 44 pound ) of opium be punishable by death or life in prison .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( vn )
narcotic ; crime ; international
NE_country-0 's president NE_person-0 commute the death sentence for vietnamese @-@ born NE_country-1 citizen NE_person-1 to life in prison .
NE_person-0 be sentence to death for involvement in a heroin traffic ring .
the NE_country-0 embassy say in a statement release on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 that NE_country-1 's president NE_person-0 commute the death sentence for vietnamese @-@ born NE_country-2 citizen NE_person-1 to life in prison .
luong and 3 other vietnamese defendant be sentence in -CONST--0 to death for involvement in a drug ring that trafficked -CONST--1 kilogram ( 746 pound ) of heroin from NE_country-0 to NE_city-0 and NE_country-1 via NE_country-2 .
an appeal court in -CONST--0 upheld the death sentence .
the embassy state president NE_person-0 commute NE_person-1 's sentence in -CONST--0 -CONST--1 after several NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 appeal to spare NE_person-2 from the fire squad .
the embassy state the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 be oppose to the death penalty in all circumstance .
it be the ENT_government-organization-0 's policy to make representation at any stage and level deem appropriate when a NE_country-0 national face the death penalty .
NE_country-0 's drug law be among the world 's strict law .
possession , trade or traffic more than -CONST--0 gram ( 1.3 pound ) of heroin or -CONST--1 kilogram ( 44 pound ) of opium be punishable by death .
NE_country-0 's ENT_government-organization-0 sentence approximately -CONST--0 people to death by fire squad each year .
most death sentence be for drug @-@ related offenses .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( bg )
international ; money ; terrorism ; crime ; narcotic
a NE_government-organization-0 commission report say on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 that money from drug traffic in NE_country-0 have be use to fund terrorist group .
a NE_government-organization-0 commission report state on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 that money from drug traffic in NE_country-0 have be use to fund terrorist group .
the report say NE_country-0 crime group engage in traffic and drug sometimes work together with NE_ethnic-group-0 citizen link to terrorist organization .
the NE_publication-0 obtain a copy of the document .
the report say that part of the profit from traffic in drug such as amphetamine have be use to finance terrorist organization like NE_political-party-0 , NE_organization-0 , and NE_religious-group-0 militia in NE_country-0 .
the NE_government-organization-0 say in its -CONST--0 international narcotic control strategy report that NE_country-0 continue to be a source of drug production .
part of that be be smuggle into NE_country-0 and the NE_world-region-0 .
the NE_government-organization-0 report be issue amid revelation of illegal link between senior police officer and criminal .
the document say the amount of illegal drug seize by authority decline after classify police information have be leak to criminal .
the leak prompt the arrest of senior police and a motion of no @-@ confidence from opposition party .
the document be based on figure from the NE_government-organization-0 .
the motion will be vote on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 .
NE_country-0 's ENT_government-organization-0 have be repeatedly criticize by the NE_organization-0 over its inability to tackle rampant corruption and organize crime .
NE_country-0 's ENT_government-organization-0 be a NE_political-party-0 @-@ lead coalition .
NE_country-0 of -CONST--0 people and lie on a major drug traffic route link NE_world-region-0 , the NE_world-region-1 and NE_world-region-2 .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( eg )
military ; dissent ; crime ; money ; terrorism ; human right
-CONST--0 member of the NE_organization-0 be convict and sentence to jail time while -CONST--1 member be acquit .
the charge against member of the NE_organization-0 include money launder and terrorism .
a security official state that on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 an NE_country-0 military court know for severe verdict convict -CONST--3 key member of the NE_organization-0 with sentence up to -CONST--4 year in jail .
the security official attend the trial at the court north of NE_city-0 but spoke on condition of anonymity because the -CONST--0 be not authorize to speak to the media .
the official state the charge against member of NE_country-0 's largest opposition group include money launder and terrorism but it be not immediately clear if the -CONST--0 be find guilty of both offenses .
the official state that -CONST--0 other defendant be acquit .
among the acquitted be NE_businessman-0 who run a supermarket chain in NE_country-0 and a journalist .
authority create a security ring around the courthouse with -CONST--0 of policemen create checkpoint on the road lead to the court before the verdict announcement .
police search vehicle and drive away reporter and family member of the defendant .
a security official state that approximately -CONST--0 people include relative and reporter be detain .
defense NE_lawyer-0 state the judge enter the courtroom and issue the rule but then leave without notify the opposition group 's defense lawyer who stood outside the courthouse after be prevent by policemen from enter the courtroom .
the -CONST--0 sentence include the NE_organization-0 's chief strategist NE_person-0 and the NE_organization-1 's prominent financier and businessman NE_person-1 .
NE_person-0 join the NE_organization-0 in -CONST--0 and have be jail 4 ENT_temporal-quantity-0 for a total of -CONST--1 year on charge relate to membership in the NE_organization-1 which be outlaw before -CONST--2 .
NE_person-0 own a chain of furniture store and textile factory and be know as 1 of the NE_organization-0 's main financier .
NE_person-0 and NE_person-1 each receive -CONST--0 @-@ year sentence .
NE_person-0 and NE_person-1 's property be confiscate and be believe to be worth -CONST--0 of dollar .
NE_person-0 state the confiscation will affect the NE_organization-0 's financial base .
NE_person-0 state that a recent amendment to the NE_country-0 judicial system allow defendant to appeal within -CONST--0 day .
the -CONST--0 people sentence have be in custody since -CONST--1 -CONST--2 .
the arrest be believe to have be spark by a militia @-@ style demonstration by student NE_organization-0 member from the NE_university-0 in NE_city-0 .
the demonstrator wear black and mask similar to those of the militant NE_country-0 NE_organization-0 and NE_country-1 's NE_political-party-0 group .
the demonstration prompt a ENT_government-organization-0 investigation into whether the NE_organization-0 have resurrect a military wing .
the NE_organization-0 figure be referred to a military court after the arrest .
the referral be authorize under emergency law in effect since -CONST--0 that allow the president to refer civilian to military tribunal .
NE_organization-0 member have since be routinely try before military court but the trial in -CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 be the largest in ENT_temporal-quantity-0 .
the verdict in the yearlong trial occur amid a ENT_government-organization-0 crackdown on the NE_organization-0 and unrest in NE_country-0 over rise food price and stagnant wage .
more than -CONST--0 NE_organization-0 member have be detain in -CONST--1 in an effort to decrease influence as president NE_person-0 enter the -CONST--2 th year in power .
-CONST--0 of NE_organization-0 member and supporter have be detain in security sweep since -CONST--1 -CONST--2 .
the -CONST--0 senior figure on trial be detain as part of the sweep .
-CONST--0 senior figure be try in absentia and be believe to be outside the country .
some of the -CONST--0 's whereabouts be unknown .
-CONST--0 of the absent senior figure receive -CONST--1 @-@ year prison term include NE_country-0 @-@ based NE_country-1 @-@ born NE_businessman-0 whose company have be list by the NE_country-2 since -CONST--2 as an organization accuse of help fund terrorism .
NE_city-0 @-@ based human right group NE_organization-0 call the sentence on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 a perversion of justice and demand the men be release and retried in a civilian court .
NE_organization-0 say in a statement that the sentence leave little doubt that the egyptian authority be determine to undermine what have become the main opposition group in NE_country-0 .
NE_organization-0 state try civilian before military court flout international standard of fair trial and be inherently unjust .
the NE_organization-0 's supreme NE_person-0 denounce the verdict and state that NE_country-0 authority be corrupt gangster .
NE_person-0 state to the NE_publication-0 that there be no evidence against the convict and that acquittal for the convict be expect .
NE_person-0 state in a telephone interview that gang not politician rule NE_country-0 .
NE_person-0 would not discuss the NE_organization-0 's future plan .
the NE_organization-0 win -CONST--0 of NE_government-organization-0 's -CONST--1 seat in the -CONST--2 election with NE_organization-1 candidate run as independent .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( za ) ; NE_country-1 ( zw ) ; NE_country-2 ( cn )
international ; weapon ; ENT_government-organization-0 ; proliferation ; leader
NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 official will not intervene to disallow NE_country-1 arm shipment to NE_country-2 despite volatile political situation follow contest presidential election .
NE_country-0 official approve transit of the arm shipment to NE_country-1 state it cannot act unilaterally to prevent a trade deal between -CONST--0 country .
on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 a south african ENT_government-organization-0 spokesman state that NE_country-0 will not intervene to stop a shipment of NE_country-1 @-@ make weapon from reach NE_country-2 despite the acute instability of the political situation in NE_country-3 .
NE_country-0 government spokesman NE_person-0 state that the NE_country-1 ENT_government-organization-0 's failure to release election result -CONST--0 week after election be cause for great concern and that the dire situation require mediation .
NE_person-0 's comment be the strongest issue on the subject by the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 to date .
NE_country-0 president NE_person-0 be the main mediator in NE_country-1 .
NE_person-0 have state that there be no crisis in NE_country-0 despite the increase violence and intimidation since the -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 vote and the refusal of NE_country-1 's election commission to release result that independent observer and the opposition state show president NE_person-1 lose the vote .
critic call the NE_country-0 reaction appeasement .
criticism increase on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 follow a report that NE_country-0 NE_person-0 lead an arm control committee meet that approve transit of a shipment of NE_country-1 weapon across NE_country-2 territory en route to NE_country-3 .
the NE_country-0 ship call an NE_ship-0 dock in NE_city-0 harbor in NE_country-1 after receive approval from port authority late on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 .
the NE_newspaper-0 state the ship be carry approximately -CONST--0 round of ammunition for small arm and NE_product-0 @-@ 47s , approximately -CONST--1 mortar and mortar launchers and -CONST--2 rocket for rocket @-@ propel grenade .
the newspaper state it obtain a copy of the ship 's cargo documentation finalize -CONST--0 day after NE_country-0 's election on -CONST--1 -CONST--2 -CONST--3 .
a NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 official speak on condition of anonymity confirm the presence of weapon on the ship but give no further detail .
NE_city-0 port authority and police explosive inspector could not immediately be reach for comment .
ENT_government-organization-0 spokesman NE_person-0 state that if administrative paper be in order the ENT_government-organization-1 of NE_country-0 cannot intervene to prevent weapon from be transport through its territory to a neighboring landlocked country .
after a cabinet meet NE_person-0 state to reporter --
the ENT_government-organization-0 of NE_country-0 cannot act unilaterally to prevent a trade deal between -CONST--0 country .
NE_country-0 be not involve in the arrangement .
it would be possible but very difficult for NE_country-0 to intervene and to disallow the shipment .
there be presently no trade embargo against NE_country-0 .
NE_country-0 be one of NE_country-1 's main trade partner and ally .
a group represent mainly white NE_country-0 call NE_group-0 state it would organize protest along the route to NE_country-1 .
NE_organization-0 's NE_person-0 state that the NE_government-organization-0 have grant approval for the transit of the weapon on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 .
NE_person-0 state he have write to committee chairman and local ENT_government-organization-0 minister NE_person-1 ask him to retract the permission .
NE_person-0 state that the NE_country-0 government 's approval for the transport of the arm across NE_country-1 territory effectively mean that the ENT_government-organization-0 be replace ENT_government-organization-1 ineffective policy of silent diplomacy with a more catastrophic policy of complicity with the state violence and human right violation commit by the NE_country-2 ENT_government-organization-2 against ENT_government-organization-3 own citizen .
the NE_country-0 NE_political-party-0 agree with NE_person-0 's comment .
NE_person-0 also head the NE_country-0 mediate team between NE_country-1 's rule NE_political-party-0 and the opposition NE_political-party-1 .
NE_person-0 's office referred reporter to the NE_organization-0 whose spokesman do not immediately return phone call .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( za ) ; NE_country-1 ( zw )
international ; weapon ; proliferation ; ENT_government-organization-0 ; politics
the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 state on -CONST--0 , -CONST--1 that the NE_country-1 government will probably not stop the arm shipment head to NE_country-2 .
this decision be controversial because NE_country-0 be currently politically unstable .
a south african ENT_government-organization-0 spokesman state on -CONST--0 , -CONST--1 that NE_country-0 will not intervene to stop a shipment of NE_country-1 @-@ make weapon from reach NE_country-2 even though the political situation in NE_country-3 be dire .
the shipment be in a ship call the -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 which be anchor outside NE_city-0 harbor after receive permission late on -CONST--3 -CONST--4 , -CONST--5 to dock .
the shipment contain nearly -CONST--0 round of ammunition for small arm and NE_product-0 @-@ 47s , about -CONST--1 mortar and mortar launchers and -CONST--2 rocket for rocket @-@ propel grenade .
this report come from the NE_newspaper-0 which claim to have a copy of the ship 's cargo documentation finalize on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 which be -CONST--3 day after NE_country-0 's election .
an anonymous ENT_government-organization-0 official confirm that the shipment contain weapon but give no further detail .
NE_city-0 port authority and police explosive inspector could not be reach for comment .
the NE_country-0 NE_government-organization-0 say custom official be bind by confidentiality rule and could not give detail of the content of the cargo .
spokesman NE_person-0 state as long as administrative paper be in order NE_country-0 cannot intervene to prevent weapon be transport through south african territory to NE_country-1 .
defense secretary NE_person-0 confirm to NE_country-0 radio that the NE_government-organization-0 grant approval for the transit of the weapon .
NE_person-0 state that if the buyer be the NE_country-0 sovereign ENT_government-organization-0 and the seller be the NE_country-1 sovereign ENT_government-organization-1 , NE_country-2 have nothing to do with the transaction because NE_country-3 work accord to established international convention which allow the nation no jurisdiction over goods in transit .
NE_person-0 be the ENT_government-organization-0 official who approve the transit and he be the same official who head the team mediate in the NE_country-0 crisis .
NE_person-0 state that the situation in NE_country-0 be dire because election be hold and result be not release -CONST--0 week after .
this be the strongest comment on NE_country-0 so far by the NE_country-1 ENT_government-organization-0 .
on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 zimbabwean opposition NE_person-0 call on south africa and president NE_person-1 to step aside as mediator for NE_country-0 in favor of NE_country-1 's president , who have take a tough stance toward NE_person-2 .
NE_organization-0 criticize the decision to approve the arm shipment .
NE_group-0 be a lobby group represent mainly white NE_country-0 .
NE_group-0 state that the group would organize protest along the route to NE_country-0 .
NE_person-0 of NE_organization-0 state that the NE_country-0 government 's approval for the transport of the arm across NE_country-1 territory will in effect mean that the ENT_government-organization-0 be replace an ineffective policy of silent diplomacy with an even more catastrophic policy of complicity to the state violence and human right violation commit by the NE_country-2 ENT_government-organization-1 against NE_country-3 citizen .
the NE_country-0 NE_government-organization-0 state that the ship would be subject to standard inspection procedure and the cargo would not be release until ithe cargo be prove to be compliant to custom formality .
the approval process can be lengthy .
NE_country-0 be a landlocked country neighboring NE_country-1 ,
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_continent-0
international ; weapon ; terrorism ; crime ; politics ; proliferation
the NE_organization-0 pass a resolution on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 that will keep weapon of mass destruction out of the hand of terrorist .
the NE_organization-0 be urge increase effort to keep weapon of mass destruction out of the hand of terrorist and black marketeer .
a resolution adopt unanimously by the NE_organization-0 on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 call on all state to fully implement a -CONST--3 resolution that close a loophole in global effort to prevent the proliferation of nuclear , chemical and biological weapon .
the resolution require all -CONST--0 NE_organization-0 member state to adopt law to prevent terrorist , black marketeer and other non @-@ state actor from manufacture , acquire or traffic in nuclear , biological or chemical weapon or the material to make them .
the resolution note that some unnamed country have not file a report on effort to implement the resolution that be due in -CONST--0 -CONST--1 .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( us ) ; NE_country-1 ( za ) ; NE_country-2 ( NE_country-3 ) ; NE_country-4 ( ly ) ; NE_country-5 ( ir ) ; NE_country-6 ( pk )
weapon ; terrorism ; international ; politics ; proliferation
the NE_organization-0 unanimously approve a resolution urge increase effort to keep weapon of mass destruction out of the hand of terrorist and black marketeer .
on ENT_date-entity-0 the NE_organization-0 unanimously approve a resolution urge increase effort to keep weapon of mass destruction out of the hand of terrorist and black marketeer .
the NE_organization-0 resolution call on all state to fully implement a NE_organization-1 resolution adopt in ENT_date-entity-0 require all -CONST--0 NE_organization-2 member state to adopt law to prevent non @-@ state actor from acquire nuclear , chemical or biological weapon .
the NE_organization-0 resolution note that some unnamed country have not file a report on the member nation effort to adopt these law .
the report be due to the NE_organization-0 in ENT_date-entity-0 .
the ENT_date-entity-0 NE_organization-0 resolution stress the need to enhance the coordination of national , regional and international effort to strengthen a global response to the serious challenge of keep weapon from terrorist and the threat to international security .
the ENT_date-entity-0 NE_organization-0 resolution be adopt to close a loophole in global effort to prevent the proliferation of weapon of mass destruction .
international treaty targeted weapon proliferation by ENT_government-organization-0 until NE_law-0 be adopt in ENT_date-entity-0 there be no legal instrument to prevent terrorist , criminal scientist , black marketeer and other non @-@ state actor from obtain weapon of mass destruction .
NE_law-0 be introduce as the NE_organization-0 be investigate a vast black market in nuclear equipment and technology .
the black market investigation be encourage by NE_country-0 's admission in ENT_date-entity-0 that NE_country-1 's lead nuclear scientist have pass technology to NE_country-2 , NE_country-3 and NE_country-4 .
NE_country-0 's lead nuclear scientist , be NE_person-0 .
NE_law-0 require all country to adopt law to prevent non @-@ state actor from manufacture , acquire or traffic in nuclear , biological or chemical weapon , the material to make them , and the missile and other system to deliver them .
NE_law-0 require all country to take measure to account for and secure these weapon , missile and other weapon material .
NE_law-0 also demand that country develop border control and step up law enforcement effort to detect , deter , prevent and combat the illicit traffic and brokering of weapon of mass destruction .
all country be require to submit a report within -CONST--0 month to a NE_organization-0 committee monitor implementation of esolution NE_law-0 .
the resolution adopt on ENT_date-entity-0 extend the NE_organization-0 's mandate until ENT_date-entity-1 and again call upon all state that have not yet present a ENT_ordinal-entity-0 report on step the state have take or intend to take to implement NE_law-0 to submit such a report to the 1540 committee without delay .
the ENT_date-entity-0 resolution emphasize the importance for all state to fully implement NE_law-0 .
the ENT_date-entity-0 resolution also call on the NE_organization-0 to continue to intensify its effort to promote the full implementation by all state by reach out to country , facilitate technical assistance , and promote share experience and lesson learn .
the NE_organization-0 state that not all state have present to the NE_organization-1 the state 's national report on implementation of NE_law-0 and that the full implementation of NE_law-1 by all state be a long @-@ term task that will require continuous effort at national , regional and international level .
the NE_organization-0 state that full implementation of NE_law-0 by all state include the adoption of national law and measure to ensure implementation of the NE_law-1 inspire national law .
NE_person-0 state that many develop country find the report requirement for NE_law-0 and other resolution onerous when they be try to provide food , health care and job for the people of develop country .
NE_person-0 be the current NE_organization-0 president and NE_country-0 's NE_organization-1 ambassador .
NE_person-0 state that -CONST--0 of the thing that NE_country-0 be happy about be that country must cooperate in deal with the network that may be spread illict nuclear and other weapon .
the ENT_date-entity-0 resolution be approve on the day that NE_person-0 angrily criticize NE_country-0 for bomb an alleged NE_country-1 nuclear facility , chastise the NE_country-2 for withhold information on the alleged syrian nuclear facility , and state that the NE_organization-0 would investigate the allegation of the NE_country-3 nuclear facility .
NE_person-0 be the NE_organization-0 chief .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( cn )
international ; weapon ; technology ; ENT_government-organization-0 ; proliferation
a lead arm expert state that NE_country-0 's improve nuclear arsenal raise question about the chinese ENT_government-organization-0 's future arm control effort .
the expert praise NE_city-0 official for decrease sale of weapon abroad .
a lead arm expert state on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 that chinese ENT_government-organization-0 be make dramatic improvement to NE_country-0 's nuclear arsenal which raise question for future arm control effort .
director of the NE_research-institute-0 NE_person-0 spoke at a panel for journalist while on a visit to NE_city-0 to promote an ENT_temporal-quantity-0 report on the global arm industry .
NE_person-0 state --
recent upgrade have increase the accuracy and mobility of NE_country-0 's arsenal while a switch from liquid to solid fuel have shorten reaction time .
NE_country-0 stand out due to the effort to modernize , expand and improve nuclear weapon capability .
among the -CONST--0 nuclear power NE_country-0 be make the most dramatic improvement in nuclear force which raise arm control question .
the chinese ENT_government-organization-0 state NE_country-0 will never be the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 to use nuclear weapon in a conflict and NE_country-1 's arsenal , estimate at just over -CONST--0 nuclear @-@ arm missile , be the smallest of the -CONST--1 main nuclear weapon power .
chinese official sign the NE_treaty-0 in -CONST--0 and NE_person-0 state the recent step be aim mainly at reduce the vulnerability of NE_country-0 's deterrent force .
NE_person-0 state that improvement in NE_country-0 's conventional military be even more dramatic after more than -CONST--0 year of double @-@ digit percentage increase in ENT_temporal-quantity-0 defense spend .
NE_person-0 state the large increase in the military capability of NE_country-0 be targeted mostly at NE_country-1 but have the possibility go forward with force projection elsewhere .
NE_country-0 be a self @-@ govern island that NE_country-1 claim be part of NE_country-2 's territory and have threaten to invade .
NE_person-0 state that the increase in military capability complicate the issue of NE_country-0 as a player in the arm control agenda and that the chinese ENT_government-organization-0 would need to be engage in future effort to cap or reduce number of nuclear weapon .
NE_person-0 praise NE_city-0 official for decrease sale of weapon and military technology abroad which NE_person-1 believe be largely do out of a desire to be view as a more responsible player in international society .
accord to the NE_research-institute-0 NE_country-0 have only a -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 share of the global arm export trade .
NE_person-0 state that the shift in the way the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 view the problem of nonproliferation be very positive .
NE_person-0 state that authority need to strengthen regulation to prevent weapon from enter conflict zone , particularly in NE_continent-0 where NE_country-0 arm be use by both ENT_government-organization-0 and rebel force in NE_country-1 's NE_country-region-0 .
retire NE_military-0 colonel NE_person-0 spoke alongside NE_person-1 on the panel and state that NE_country-0 have substantial restriction on weapon sale abroad .
NE_person-0 concede that some dealer violate the rule and be beyond the ENT_government-organization-0 's direct control .
NE_person-0 state that further step be be take to boost awareness of the rule , partly through course for ENT_government-organization-0 and defense industry leader run by the NE_government-organization-0 @-@ sponsor NE_organization-0 of which NE_person-1 be deputy secretary @-@ general .
NE_person-0 state a belief that the NE_country-0 have be put more effort into export control .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( jp )
space ; politics ; military ; technology
NE_country-0 's lower house approve bill allow use of space programs in national defense .
the legislation be the most recent effort by NE_country-0 to ascribe more freedom to its tightly controlled military and would overturn a ban on the military use of space .
on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 NE_country-0 's powerful NE_government-organization-0 vote to allow NE_country-1 's space programs to be utilize for national defense .
the legislation be the most recent effort by NE_country-0 to ascribe more freedom to the tightly controlled military technically know as a self @-@ defense force .
the legislation be expect to be approve by the upper house .
the legislation be primarily aim at permit military use of NE_country-0 's civilian @-@ control spy satellite network for defense as define by the pacifist constitution .
the bill state that space development have become increasingly important .
the bill state that space programs must contribute to ensure peace and safety of international society as well as the national security of NE_country-0 .
the bill do not specify ENT_amr-unknown-0 the programs will be utilize but the satellite network and other asset could potentially be use for surveillance , plan and for a missile defense shield NE_country-0 be construct with the NE_country-1 .
the bill would overturn a ban on the military use of space impose on NE_country-0 's nascent space program in -CONST--0 .
the NE_country-0 @-@ draft NE_law-0 prohibit NE_country-1 from offensive warfare .
the legislation stipulate that all member of the cabinet and not just education , science and technology minister will be responsible for NE_country-0 's future space project .
inclusion of the defense minister in decision on space programs introduce the possibility for the military to possess and develop spy satellite .
the legislation would establish a special space task force lead by the prime minister and create the new post of space development minister .
NE_country-0 's NE_government-organization-0 be upgrade to ministry status in -CONST--0 .
NE_country-0 troop be dispatch to a combat zone for the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 time since NE_war-0 in -CONST--0 .
the mission in NE_country-0 be strictly humanitarian .
support .
both the rule coalition and the largest opposition party support the bill .
the nation 's largest NE_newspaper-0 approve of the bill and urge its quick enactment .
in a weekend editorial the NE_newspaper-0 state that it be logical to use space development for national security and necessary to counter the threat of NE_country-0 's missile program .
opposition .
some pacifist lawmakers from the NE_political-party-0 and NE_political-party-1 boycott the vote on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 state that the bill contradict the principle of a civilian @-@ control space program .
the leave @-@ lean NE_newspaper-0 raise concern that the legislation could escalate friction with neighboring country .
-CONST--0 @-@ -CONST--1 @-@ -CONST--2
NE_country-0 ( ee ) ; NE_country-1 ( lv ) ; NE_country-2 ( lt ) ; NE_country-3 ( de ) ; NE_country-4 ( it ) ; NE_country-5 ( es ) ; NE_country-6 ( sk ) ; NE_country-7 ( ru ) ; NE_country-8 ( us )
international ; ENT_government-organization-0 ; telecom ; technology ; science
-CONST--0 NE_military-0 ally to sign agreement to create a NE_facility-0 in NE_country-0 .
expert from NE_military-0 member state will be recruit to conduct research and train on cyber warfare and will be prepare to assist ally with response to the grow threat of cyber attack .
-CONST--0 NE_military-0 ally be prepare to sign a deal on -CONST--1 -CONST--2 -CONST--3 to create a research center in NE_city-0 , NE_country-0 to improve the NE_military-1 alliance 's defenses against cyber attack .
cyber attack be consider a grow threat to military and civilian computer network .
in -CONST--0 NE_country-0 experience an unprecedented number of cyber attack that disable ENT_government-organization-0 and corporate computer network .
the attack occur after a dispute between the ENT_government-organization-0 of NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 over the relocation of a NE_country-2 war memorial .
many NE_country-0 suspect the NE_country-1 ENT_government-organization-0 be responsible for the cyber attack but the ENT_government-organization-1 deny involvement .
defense chief from NE_country-0 , NE_country-1 , NE_country-2 , NE_country-3 , NE_country-4 , NE_country-5 and NE_country-6 will sign the agreement to provide staff and fund for the center .
the NE_country-0 will join the project as an observer and other NE_military-0 nation may join later .
sign of the agreement be a peripheral issue of the meet of chief of defense staff from the -CONST--0 ally country of NE_military-0 .
the meet be expect to focus on NE_military-0 mission in NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 .
the general will also discuss cooperation with NE_world-region-0 and former NE_country-0 nation include NE_country-1 and NE_country-2 .
the NE_facility-0 will be operational in -CONST--0 -CONST--1 with the formal open plan for -CONST--2 .
a staff of -CONST--0 specialist will conduct research and train on cyber warfare and will be prepare to assist NE_military-0 member with response to any future cyber attack .
head of the center major NE_person-0 state to the NE_publication-0 in NE_city-0 --
the attack against NE_country-0 last year be cyber terrorism .
the mission of the center be to create new capability to fight new threat .
expert will be recruit from various NE_military-0 member state and from various sector include information technology , science , military and finance .
NE_country-0 be -CONST--0 of NE_continent-0 's most internet @-@ savvy nation .
NE_country-0 propose creation of the center in -CONST--0 but it be not until after the cyber attack of -CONST--1 that NE_military-0 leader be convince it be need .
NE_company-0 announce today it will acquire ticket website NE_company-1 for -CONST--0 NE_country-0 dollar
esnail
accord to the international report on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , NE_company-0 announce that it will acquire online ticket website NE_company-1 for -CONST--2 NE_country-0 dollar in cash to further expand its influence on electronic commerce .
the acquisition be expect to be complete before -CONST--0 .
more than -CONST--0 year ago , NE_person-0 and NE_school-0 NE_person-1 found NE_company-0 with fluhr as its chief executive officer .
NE_person-0 say in a statement : " NE_company-0 's business model be an excellent fit with NE_company-1 , and we have admire NE_company-2 for a long time . "
over the past -CONST--0 year , as investor be concern about the slowdown in NE_company-0 's online auction business , its poor management , slow business expansion , and other factor , its market value have be dwindle .
in succession NE_company-0 acquire internet phone service NE_company-1 and online price - comparison NE_company-2 .
NE_company-0 mainly operate ticket brokerage to major event .
in -CONST--0 its ticket sale be -CONST--1 NE_country-0 dollar with ENT_temporal-quantity-0 profit reach -CONST--2 NE_country-1 dollar .
ticket seller sell ticket on this website must pay a -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 fee , while buyer also have to pay a -CONST--1 ENT_percentage-entity-1 commission to NE_company-0 .
as of now , -CONST--0 ticket have be sell on the NE_company-0 website .
many discovery be make by chance .
NE_person-0
i remember my ENT_ordinal-entity-0 year study at NE_university-0 , i go to my ENT_ordinal-entity-1 elective course call " inspiration in the history of physic . "
there be only -CONST--0 or so of us who have choose it that semester .
the teacher be very erudite , his lecture be very lively ; he summarize all of the recent and contemporary history of physic , and each time i be enthral .
in all my -CONST--0 year at the university , i never have another course that interesting .
if i be to summarize this course , it would be : the greatest discovery in physic all have their own necessity and theoretical basis ( for example , the development of mathematics ) .
this theory can also be apply to cook .
one day i want to make green bean and bean curd sheet ( dry tofu in the NE_country-region-0 ) .
here the dry tofu sell in the store be all compress , very tough .
so i normally steep it in hot water , then take it out and stir - fry it .
because that day i need to go out in the middle of it and buy some thing , i set the timer and tell my wife to turn off the heat when it be do .
my wife be very lazy , and when the timer sound , she turn off the heat and leave the pot sit on the stove .
when i come back and look , the dried tofu be white and soft , just like freshly make .
chalk another good one up to the wife .
NE_person-0 's economic note : your uncle be just your uncle .
NE_person-0 's economic note
this morning i go to the supermarket with dad , and when it come time to check out i discover something that everybody probably know : not everybody buy the same thing .
of course this be a no - brainer , but this be actually a major problem face by me and many other people whenever we discuss economic issue or economic phenomena .
most of the time , economic policy and economic theory be not aim at individual .
in term of probability , if you explain the behavior of a specific individual , for example your uncle , use any economic theory , the probability that it will be accurate be virtually -CONST--0 .
in fact , in the great majority of case the economic theory be aim at an entire group , or a subgroup .
in term of average , accuracy be the goal of many economic theory ( here i 'm be inaccurate ; i hope the expert will not take it too literally , especially those with io expertise ) .
but with regard to an ordinary person , he may never see the whole group , he see only his co @-@ worker , his relative and his friend , the group of people familiar to him ; add up all the people in this group and they may number -CONST--0 , and that be already a lot of people .
below i be go to refer to these -CONST--0 people collectively as " his uncle . "
so whenever you discuss an economic theory with someone , the response of a perfectly ordinary person would be : my uncle be n't like that , so this theory be baloney .
in other word , everybody tend to mistake the part for the whole .
here , mistake the part for the whole be not derogatory ; it be a limitation of the human race itself ; you have it and i have it .
if NE_country-0 have learn not to mistake the part for the whole , they might not have make such a mess of the world .
i believe that they make such a complete mess of the NE_world-region-0 to a very large extent because they apply their own common sense to understand the NE_world-region-1 .
on this issue , NE_country-0 do not have much basis for be self - congratulatory ; NE_country-1 's rapid rise have even cause some people to have a sort of misconception - that whatever NE_country-2 do be right - and this be in fact a manifestation of narrow - mindedness .
therefore i believe it be extremely important to recognize that one 's own knowledge have limitation .
we need to maintain a sufficiently open attitude toward thing that do n't correspond to our common sense .
so just because every time your uncle go to the supermarket he buy hog head meat do n't mean that we should immediately assume that any theory that do not predict people go to the supermarket will buy hog head meat be wrong .
when you feel other people be talk baloney , and what other people say do not correspond to your " common sense , " you should at the same time recognize that your uncle be only your uncle , he be not the whole world .
well , gasoline in NE_city-0 have have hit $ 3.00 -CONST--0 gallon , or just shy of it ,
and i spend $ -CONST--0 fill up the gas tank of my NE_car-make-0 --
the most i 've ever pay for in my life .
i 'm not happy about it ,
but i do n't see high gas price as a reason to start foam at the mouth and chew on the carpet .
others feel less constrain .
the hysteria over rise gas price have reach a fever pitch .
the economic ignorance of the sound bite and commentary i 've see on national television know no bound .
demagogue be call for self - destructive tax on oil company profit , oblivious to the reality that , in a capitalist society , profit be a critical signal that guide the flow of capital .
( 1 ) if you confiscate NE_company-0 's profit , you reduce the capital available to the world 's largest oil company to invest in more exploratory drill , new oil well , new pipeline , new refinery , etc.
( 2 ) if you tax oil industry profit , you also reduce the incentive for owner of outside capital to invest in new capacity .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 bother if the profit will be tax away ?
here in NE_state-0 , a semblance of sanity still reign .
gov. NE_person-0 have not yet propose anything as breath - takingly stupid as the proposal emanating from NE_city-0 .
the governor have say he will investigate report of `` price gouge , '' which , give the fact that the the concept of `` price gouge '' be meaningless and impossible to define , mean he will , for all practical purpose , do nothing ....
which be exactly what he should do .
nothing .
NE_state-0 and NE_country-0 will adapt to higher gas price if ENT_government-organization-0 do not interfere .
( the governor also be consider apply for a waiver of federal regulation require cleaner gasoline be sell in NE_state-0 's major metro area , but have not yet make a determination .
see the NE_newspaper-0 report .
unfortunately , he 's stick to his gun on try to raise $ -CONST--0 for transportation project without raise gasoline tax -- a topic for another post .
as i have be hammer away relentlessly on this blog ( see `` a world with -CONST--0 car '' ) , the world economy be move from a -CONST--1 - year era of cheap petroleum to a plateau of more expensive petroleum .
this shift be drive by the combination of ( a ) escalate world consumption of petroleum , especially in rapidly develop economy like NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 , and ( b ) the peak of global oil production capacity , the increase expense of exploit the remote and isolate oil reserve that remain , and terrorist / political instability in oil - produce country .
this be not the oil company ' fault .
this be not NE_person-0 's fault .
this be not the auto industry ' fault .
it be not the environmentalist ' fault .
it 's the reality of geology and geopolitics .
the NE_country-0 public can adapt to the new global reality by change their energy - intensive lifestyles ,
and politician can help them by speak honestly and forthrightly about ENT_amr-unknown-0 the price of gasoline be increase , instead of demagoguing the issue for short - term political gain .
here in NE_state-0 , the NE_government-organization-0 have be examine what NE_state-1 can do to increase energy production .
that be ok , as far as it go .
but there be nothing that NE_state-0 can do to increase the global supply of oil , and probably little it can do to increase the petroleum refine capacity need to convert oil to gasoline .
what the political and business leadership of NE_state-0 have so far fail utterly to do be admit that NE_state-1 be acutely vulnerable to oil price shock .
NE_state-0 consume more gasoline per capita than the national average , in part because our transportation policy be gear toward matching every increase in automobile travel with an increase in transportation capacity with no thought of modulate travel demand .
but reality be a stubborn thing .
with each increase in the price of gasoline , the bankruptcy of the old order become increasingly evident .
let us hope that gov. NE_person-0 himself on straight talk , begin leveling with the people of NE_state-0 .
NE_person-0 be right on the money about how capitalism work ,
so ENT_amr-unknown-0 not try to make capitalism really work for NE_state-0 .
the future in transportation belong to the nation , company or person who develop the alternative to gasoline power automobile .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 not do everything we can to assure that future arise from NE_state-0 ?
rather than drill for oil and gas off the NE_country-region-0 , we should be offer enormous incentive for comapnies and individual who want to work on alternative fuel solution to locate their business here .
you can encourage r&d on alternative fuel with grant and tax break .
and , you can work to increase supply .
the one and only oil refinery in the NE_organization-0 be nearby in NE_city-0 .
they could double their capacity without leave the premise .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 have n't the company apply to do builf new facility on site ?
by all mean explore for oil and gas in the NE_ocean-0 .
NE_person-0 : speak seriously here , many family ( include my own ) have already cut back in every way possible .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 then ?
my office , home and children 's school be all within a -CONST--0 mile radius .
vacation be already a thing of the past .
we 've cut back on grocery .
i 'd trade the car on a hybrid ,
but it 's pay for
and ENT_amr-unknown-0 can afford a car payment what with mortgage rate be ENT_amr-unknown-1 they be and -CONST--0 kid ...
so , i ask seriously , ENT_amr-unknown-0 be average hard - work family to do ?
NE_person-0 : ENT_amr-unknown-0 about a couple of -CONST--0 dollar ?
if the NE_government-organization-0 repeal the unnecessary sale tax from last year , then the average citizen would pick up some cash .
or , the NE_government-organization-0 could actually cut the sale tax
and you would keep some more of your money .
check out ENT_amr-unknown-0 the NE_political-party-0 senator want you to pay in other , new tax too - to register your car , etc.
NE_person-0 : i like the graphic ,
it take -CONST--0 arm and -CONST--1 leg to fill up our tank .
the only answer to cut the cost of mobility and access be settlement pattern that require less vehicle travel and support more effecient share - vehicle when one must resort to any vehicle .
that be what an understand of NE_person-0 suggest -CONST--0 year ago ( not just in `` NE_book-0 ... but also `` NE_book-1 ' . ''
let us , honor NE_person-0 's memory with an understand of the need for fundamental change .
NE_person-0
NE_person-0 - got ta love it .
yup , a couple of -CONST--0 dollar be go to save the day !
NE_person-0 know the difference between a community and a construction plan .
was n't one of her main argument that you can not plan everything , and you should allow community to be what they be and what they become ?
did n't she fight NE_person-0 because he think he have too much control over other people ' life ?
somehow i doubt she would have get on board with fundamental change if it involve massive central and regional plan .
NE_person-0 , -CONST--0 option may be telecommuting a couple of day -CONST--1 week .
other than that , here 's the hard truth :
there 's not much that average , hard - work family can do in the short run to cope with higher gas price except hope that their paychecks keep pace with inflation .
what you should not do be support demagogic political ploy that make problem worse , not better .
in the long run , you can support more pedestrian friendly , transit - friendly development pattern that give you and your family more transportation option .
you should support development pattern that allow compatible use ( house , small office building , small retail shop ) to be locate close to each rather than scatter all over .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 money could you save if you could get by with only -CONST--0 car instead of -CONST--1 ?
ENT_amr-unknown-0 would it mean if you live in a place where your children could walk to school ?
think outside the box .
NE_person-0 , i 'm all in favor of alternate fuel .
convert biomass to ethanol seem to be one that be self - sustain economically without massive incentive .
i 'd favor ENT_government-organization-0 - sponsor research to devise technology that would make ethanol more competitive ,
but i do n't like the idea of subsidize specific business enterprise .
once you give them a subsidy , they never let go , no matter ENT_amr-unknown-0 the world change around them .
witness the mohair subsidy put into place during NE_war-0 .
i tend to agree with NE_person-0 that market function best , so long as no one have a finger on the scale .
many believe that zone price , which be generally use by oil company , be inconsistent with our antitrust law ( section -CONST--0 of the NE_law-0 ) .
others disagree .
do zone price constitute a finger on the scale ?
if so , should the NE_government-organization-0 outlaw zone price ?
NE_person-0 : zone price be the mechanism the oil company use to make sure that we pay the same price as people in state with higher gas tax .
only , we pay the extra few cent per gallon to them rather than into our state transportation account .
consider the wide variety in local and state fuel tax the near uniformity of the pump price across state line be ... curious .
i be recently on the webpage for the NE_government-organization-0
and their cost of fuel adjust for inflation chart demonstates that we have be at $ -CONST--0 per gallon measure in -CONST--1 dollar before .
it be about the historic peak in real price ,
but it be hardly unprecedented , and not worth quite the hype or hysteria it be generate .
it be hard to imagine a company or a family that can not improve its efficiency and reduce consumption ,
and that be not a bad outcome at all .
like -CONST--0 , NE_person-0 , i see the bright silver line .
i seem to be get more question whenever i pull up in my hybrid .
-CONST--0 data point .
-CONST--0 @:@ -CONST--1 ENT_amr-unknown-0 be gas price often significantly different for the same brand between NE_county-0 and NE_county-1 and even at different location within the same county ?
zone price be try to do much more than reflect different tax rate .
take a look at the following link : -CONST--0 : //www.gasbuddy.com/gb_gastemperaturemap.aspx
assume the general accuracy of the data underlie the map ,
difference in do not explain zone price .
look at NE_state-0 , for example .
there be much higher transportation cost in and around the NE_canyon-0 and much more competition in the NE_city-0 market .
yet , NE_city-0 price tend to be signficantly higher .
ditto for tax .
from what i quickly find on the internet , total fuel tax for the follow -CONST--0 state be NE_state-0 ( -CONST--1 cent ) ; NE_state-1 ( -CONST--2 cent ) ; NE_state-2 ( -CONST--3 cent ) and NE_state-3 ( -CONST--4 cent ) .
however , both NE_state-0 and NE_state-1 have average price that be significantly lower than either NE_state-2 or NE_state-3 .
there 's probably less relationship to cost and zone price than the oil company want the public to believe .
i have a conversation with a friend the other day who own an suv
and he be n't worry about the price of gas because he travel less than -CONST--0 mile a day ..
yes ..
it 'll cost more ...
so he 'll have to cut back on his gourmet coffee ... -CONST--0 cup rather than -CONST--1 . :-)
seriously - it 's about ENT_amr-unknown-0 far folk choose to drive and ENT_amr-unknown-1 folk define phrase like `` i must and have no choice '' .
it take a hard knock for folk to take a hard look at thing they always assume could not change .
i predict ... lot of folk will be take harder look at whether or not choice be choice or no choice '' be truly no choice .
i know it happen during the gas crisis ...
and as bad as it be now - this be not as bad as then - though if $ -CONST--0 a gallon be in the rear view mirror and $ -CONST--1 a gallon on the horizon and come fast ... we might think so ...
.. but i would bet that folk would choose ( there 's that word again ) $ -CONST--0 or even $ -CONST--1 a gallon rather than wait in line for -CONST--2 hour only to find out the guy in front of you get the last tankful .
NE_country-0 's love affair with the automobile be about to be revisted though i doubt seriously a divorce be anywhere near ... :-)
sorry .. my attitude be grin and bear it ...
it 's sort of like coffee double in price ...
my property accessment go up -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 ( which it do ) ...
... and today .. i pay $ -CONST--0 buck to fill up my 89 NE_car-make-0 van .
i get ta talk to NE_person-0 about that hybrid .... he 's get ..
he say if he have to choose .. he 'd keep his truck ... :-)
did i really say that ?
that would be a tough `` choice '' .
with the truck i 'd have some chance of make money ,
but i 'd hate to have to drive it if it be n't work .
if you have to drive , the hybrid be a joy .
dead silent , dirt cheap , reliable , little bit of capital cost detriment , sufficient power .
-CONST--0 mpg if you drive at 75+ like a maniac .
i remember people sniff at it , say they would n't do it because the payback on capital be n't there .
i drone on about cost and benefit , but a ) that 's not everything , and b ) sometimes circumstance change .
i 'm go to have to send a letter to the guv'nor .
i have a bunch of vehicle and only use the appropriate one for the task at hand .
i need a portable license plate and insurance , otherwise the current `` tax '' plan be go to kill me .
i sure hope that those of you who think save open space and farm will chip in and help out on this :
send a letter .
i do n't mind pay what it cost to drive or pay what i owe ,
but this be go to be whack .
i suspect that overhead cost might have something to do with fuel price .
that gas station in NE_city-0 be sit on expensive land and pay high tax .
business be `` tax positive '' do n't cha know .
if people really do start make different choice , it 's go to be fun to watch real estate price .
btw -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 more new home sale last year , in spite of higher rate ,
but price be down 5k .
time to demand another reassessment .
NE_person-0 : tax be indeed business overhead that affect retail price .
but i still suggest that zone price have more to do with computer software and data - mine than actual cost .
post by <$blogbacklinkauthor $> @ <$blogbacklinkdatetime $>
if you 're NE_county-0 , you create a new vision for the boxy building and subterranean passageway in NE_city-0 that will be empty by the federal NE_government-organization-0 .
in place of the sterile monoculture that now characterize the office complex near the NE_government-organization-0 , member of an advisory task force see a more lively street - level scene with a greater mix of shop , restaurant and office .
write wapo reporter NE_person-0 :
[ NE_government-organization-0 chairman NE_person-0 and others speak yesterday say that the vounty see the empty space as an opportunity to `` reimagine '' and `` brand '' NE_city-0 as an attractive destination .
though close to NE_airport-0 and dense with hotel , the area have long be see as a gloomy -CONST--0 s era enclave of office connect by underground passage .
but part of NE_city-0 have lately see a rebirth , thank to an influx of trendy cafe and a new streetscape ....
NE_company-0 -CONST--0 of the -CONST--1 square feet of office space in the neighborhood , have spend $ -CONST--2 on improvement to enliven the street and attract new business .
it turn NE_road-0 into a two - way main street and have recruit new shop and chic restaurant such as NE_restaurant-0 and NE_restaurant-1 .
read between the line of NE_person-0 's story , however , there seem to be one big miss piece :
house .
create a livelier commercial district be a worthy goal .
but create a balanced community with a mix of house , office , shop and other amenity -- allow people to live close to where they work and play -- be an even more worthy goal .
as NE_person-0 have point out , the relocation of -CONST--0 job create a rare opportunity to create a genuine balance community in NE_local-region-0 .
the problem , i surmise -- it 's not discuss in the story -- be that NE_county-0 be concern about protect -CONST--0 tax base , which mean replace the vacated office with new office , not house .
it 's hard to fault NE_county-0 for pursue its short - term self interest .
but everyone need to recognize that NE_county-0 's decision not to pursue a balanced community mean that house will end up somewhere else , presumably in outlying county .
and employee work in the buff up NE_city-0 will wind up commute long distance and clog NE_country-region-0 thoroughfare .
so i work in that same beauty salon ,
i 'm chain to the old masquerade
the lipstick , the shadow , the silicone :
i follow my father 's trade -
NE_person-0
NE_person-0 may be another example of a celebrity distraction which , upon examination , reveal more about our society 's mortal condition than a tabloid could imagine .
almost certainly more than it would dare to describe .
yesterday , NE_person-0 be order to close NE_facility-0 for have fail to pay the ranch 's -CONST--0 employee -CONST--1 salary or insurance since the end of -CONST--2 .
unfortunate for the unpaid staff and the abandon llama but no surprise .
he 's move on since his aquittal , like NE_person-0 do after his -CONST--0 conviction , have depart last -CONST--1 for a NE_country-0 `` vacation '' from which he 's yet to emerge .
( '' for the people work at NE_country-0 's mall , the person cover head to toe in a black veil , glove and glass appear to be a rich , doting NE_country-1 mother ....
but ENT_amr-unknown-0 would a woman wear a man 's shoe ?
ENT_amr-unknown-0 the bodyguard ?
and ENT_amr-unknown-0 do the person 's fluid movement seem so familiar ? '' )
last week 's real NE_person-0 story run in the NE_newspaper-0 , under the snappy banner `` creepy dad be root of all clan 's woe , singer sez . ''
the singer be brother NE_person-0 , and the claim based on the project outline for his abandon `` tell - all '' family story .
read that NE_person-0 be a nightmare of a father and sexually abusive towards his daughter be not exactly a `` stop the press '' moment .
what 's new be this :
NE_person-0 even suggest his father may have set up NE_person-1 to be somehow victimize by older men .
he tell how his father would have NE_person-0 join in at late - night hotel room meeting with `` important business people , '' and wonder whether `` something happen '' to NE_person-1 at those session .
he say he sense something be wrong because NE_person-0 would be sick for day after .
`` ENT_amr-unknown-0 be NE_person-0 do ? '' NE_person-1 write .
this lift the NE_family-0 horror show to a whole new order of dysfunction , one that see parent network with power and trade their children for privilege .
this should be a motif familiar to anyone acquainted with the literature of mind control and ritual abuse survivor : the father and ENT_ordinal-entity-0 controller , pass his child - victim up the social ladder of abuse in return for status , protection and reward .
or maybe not : `` NE_person-0 also describe be awaken in the night by NE_person-1 wear a ' monster mask . ' ''
perhaps we can take more from this than the suspicion that the NE_clan-0 have get with the program .
perhaps rather the point be that the program exploit pre @-@ exist condition for abuse which be more common than most suspect .
( this be how i tend to think of NE_city-0 's NE_worship-place-0 . )
yet we should n't discount the suspicion , either , particularly give some of NE_person-0 's paranormal interest and peculiar association .
his close friendship with NE_organization-0 contactee and channeller of NE_organization-1 , NE_person-0 , for one instance .
( NE_person-0 be NE_person-1 's best man in -CONST--0 when he and his wife renew his vow , the same year NE_person-2 be say to have be reactivate as a psychic spy . )
his entourage include a `` personal magician '' for another .
even if you want to , you wo n't be read NE_person-0 's account now .
like every NE_person-0 sibling who 's try to break from NE_person-1 , he 's climb down , return to the fold and scrap the book , apparently on the strength of NE_person-2 's threat to sue .
previously , NE_person-0 's give cause for family observer to attribute his grotesque body dysmorphia to a dread of resemble his father .
yet there they be at NE_person-0 's trial last year , hand in hand .
but his little picture may be more newsworthy than the news suggest .
good stuff .
have depart last -CONST--0 for a NE_country-0 `` vacation '' from which he 's yet to emerge .
actually , there have be report for the past -CONST--0 day of NE_person-0 back in NE_state-0 .
#name ?
wild wild stuff NE_person-0 !
disinformation distraction dis and dat ..
bait and switch set the agenda .
there be no such thing as an accident .
it 's saturday morning , and the paper say a moon of NE_planet-0 be spew life - give water .... then i see the new NE_publication-0 post be about the perrenial NE_child-0 .
this day be name for NE_planet-0 ...
" ... it be foretell that one day a mighty son of NE_planet-0 would in turn overthrow him ,
and NE_planet-0 devour all of his children when they be born to prevent this ... ''
apparently NE_planet-0 be also intimately connect with NE_person-0 , masonic , and NE_publication-0 - you know , the `` number of the beast '' ...
nevermind -
-CONST--0 need -CONST--1 cup of coffee ...
i look in vain for the NE_person-0 `` a hunt we will go '' to post this out and paste but ...
and on the subject of cowardice , consider this . in a recent hunt escapade , NE_person-0 accidentally shoot one of his hunt comrade .
there may have be negligence involve , but that be up to the local district attorney to decide .
but more importantly , i think , be the nature of the hunt .
these be not wild bird .
the bird be breed in captivity .
they have spend their life in pen , and then on hunt day , be release for the sole purpose of be kill by NE_person-0 and cohort for pure sport as they fly into the open sky for their only moment of brief freedom .
the link `` personal majician '' be intrigueing .
from NE_person-0 via NE_person-1 :
NE_person-0 's stay at the NE_facility-0 be arrange through NE_person-1 , NE_person-2 's NE_facility-1 director NE_government-organization-0 .
NE_person-0 also previously work for the NE_religious-group-0 and senator NE_person-1 .
there 's also some curious NE_facility-0 / NE_amusement-park-0 connection to the `` NE_broadcast-program-0 '' children who be now star , include NE_person-0 ( remember the star on NE_person-1 's breast ? ) and brittany NE_person-2 , NE_person-3 ...
the piper walk into the mountain , still follow by the children , and the cave close again ...
here be NE_person-0 's follow up to the `` majician '' link of NE_person-1 's .
but i think you might cover NE_country-0 's inauguration of its ENT_ordinal-entity-0 woman president today instead ...
maybe later as the story develop ?
NE_person-0 's piece mention how victim of sexual abuse often have childlike voice , almost as if their development be ' freeze ' around the time of their abuse .
NE_person-0 seem to be of this type .
or more perversely , fake that he be :
`` i be always say [ to NE_person-0 ] people would n't think i be so crazy if they see who the hell you really be , that you sit around , and -CONST--0 drink and -CONST--1 curse and you 're [ expletive ] funny and you have a bad mouth , and you do n't have that high voice all the time '' -
NE_person-0 , in an interview quote in a NE_newspaper-0 article write by NE_person-1 :
NE_person-0 's false front ?
`` NE_person-0 , be go !
NE_person-0 , be go ! ''
the witch doctor curse NE_person-0 's enemy and bless the tarnished king of pop himself in a voodoo ritual in NE_country-0 in the summer of -CONST--0 have promise that the -CONST--1 people on jackson 's enemy list ( would soon be dead ) ...
NE_person-0 have order NE_person-1 , to wire $ -CONST--0 to a bank in NE_country-0 for a voodoo chief name NE_person-2 , who then have -CONST--1 cow ritually sacrifice for the ceremony .
NE_person-0 have already undergo a blood bath ...
the pop star , who be say to be $ -CONST--0 in debt , have pay -CONST--1 figure for a ritual cleanse use sheep blood to another voodoo doctor and a mysterious NE_country-0 woman name NE_woman-0 , who come to him with a letter of greet from a high - rank saudi prince , purportedly NE_person-0 , now the chief of intelligence of NE_country-1 ...
-CONST--0 : //www.vanityfair.com/commentary/content/articles/050411roco03c hmm .
accord to that NE_magazine-0 article , NE_person-0 and NE_person-1 meet through `` that other fellow devotee of children 's charity NE_person-2 , the chairman of NE_company-0 in NE_city-0 , who believe that the c.i.a. and NE_person-3 have NE_person-4 and his son , NE_person-5 , kill . ''
anonymous quote , `` NE_person-0 's stay at the NE_facility-0 be arrange through NE_person-1 ... ''
hold on --
the NE_facility-0 be the headquarters of the NE_organization-0 , the creepy christianoid cult with deep political connection .
here 's a bit of the original NE_person-0 article that the NE_person-1 quote come from :
in -CONST--0 , the NE_organization-0 begin look for a permanent headquarters in NE_city-0 .
it set its sight on the estate of NE_person-0 , NE_estate-0 , locate at -CONST--0 NE_street-0 .
NE_person-0 be one of the drafters of the NE_law-0 .
the NE_organization-0 , also know as the -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , buy the property from NE_person-0 .
although not much be know about NE_person-0 , the NE_newspaper-0 report that NE_man-0 with whom NE_organization-0 senator NE_person-1 once spar , also live there .
accord to a senior NE_government-organization-0 official , the NE_estate-0 have be use as a NE_government-organization-1 safe house prior to the NE_organization-0 's purchase of the NE_estate-1 .
the NE_organization-0 pay $ -CONST--0 for the NE_facility-0 , the ENT_monetary-quantity-0 come from NE_person-0 , the ceo of NE_company-0 , and NE_person-1 , the ceo of NE_company-1 .
NE_person-0 of NE_company-0 be another deep - pocket supporter of the NE_organization-0 through NE_activity-06-0 link to fellowship core member NE_person-1 .
suffer the little children , eh ?
if this be what power & wealth do to you , i 'm damn glad i have neither .
you say , `` perhaps rather the point be that the program exploit pre @-@ exist condition for abuse which be more common than most suspect . ''
could n't agree more .
i think that pedophilia 's relative commonality be what really make it frighten .
my experience happen when i be -CONST--0 .
a friend of mine met this guy who be -CONST--0 our age & who be more than willing to buy -CONST--1 all the whiskey we could drink .
we be both enamored with NE_person-0 & NE_person-1 & meet strange character & this guy definitely fit the bill .
he be muscle for a NE_city-0 madam name NE_madam-0 .
she dress like a man & run most of the massage parlors in NE_city-0 .
he be into black magick & NE_person-0 & booze & drug & on & on .
& my buddy pass out .
i continue drink .
at one point , i glance at this older guy ,
& he be stare at my buddy as a line of drool run down the cigarette in his mouth & drip on to the floor .
he notice that i 'm kind of stare at him .
he stand up , walk into the bedroom , & come back with a porno mag .
he drop it on the couch next to me .
as he 's sit down , he say , `` see anything you like ? ''
& then he shove his hand hard into my groin .....
.... & i break his nose with my elbow .
i apologize for continue my ramble but ... ,
NE_person-0
manchild in a promise land
by NE_person-0
he 's such an easy NE_person-0 .
he make even the weirdest of the weird feel normal .
but unlike them , NE_person-0 do n't try to hide the fact that he be easily one of the most screw up being on the planet .
every time he check in for yet another surgery , he be announce to the world that he do n't know who he be , where he be go , and that he thoroughly loathe himself - at least the adult version .
and for -CONST--0 remarkable honesty , his most unprivate confession , he be subject to one public humiliation after another .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 among us rock thrower would have the courage to reveal about ourselves ENT_amr-unknown-1 NE_person-0 have reveal about himself ?
next to the tower monument that the unedited NE_person-0 be we be telephone booth ;
next to his singular guilelessness and candor , we be the multitude of the prevaricate and pusillanimous .
everything NE_person-0 have do and say during the past -CONST--0 year have be against his own apparent self - interest , begin with unrelenting surgical assault on his erstwhile good look , to hang his child ( and crotch for that matter ) out to dry , to enter detail of his bedroom antics into the public domain .
like a typical dostoievksy character , we can not account for the behavior if it be n't for an apparently override need to confess and proclaim -- over and against what the outside world want to believe -- the truth of who we be .
the on - go spectacle of NE_person-0 's increasingly bizarre conduct be his confession to the world that he be one spectacularly psychologically - challenged dude .
like children who be incapable of dissimulate their basic want and need , NE_person-0 's manner of be in the world be uncensored and spontaneous ,
and to such an unsuspected extent i propose he deserve to be consider -CONST--0 of the most authentic being of this or any other century , and quite properly belong to that exceptional society of authenticity - questers that would include NE_person-0 , NE_person-1 and NE_person-2 .
the fact of NE_person-0 's life have be well document .
we know that by the age of -CONST--0 he be on top of the world .
NE_music-0 have sell an unprecedented -CONST--0 copy and NE_music-1 have become the musical drug of choice in every corner of the world .
not only be the song 's momentum and tension brilliantly craft and fuse , NE_person-0 's rivet , counterpoint choreography - which remain unsurpassed -- revolutionized the way we simultaneously look at and listen to music .
before disbelieve eye , his torso , head and limb supply never - before - see anatomical rejoinder to the note -- like a guitarist fill in between the lyric .
but from here on in , it would be downhill for the genre 's quintessential messenger , for NE_person-0 could no long sustain the ' great lie ' he be live .
the child 's ' tin drum ' be beat ever louder in his head
and he intuitively understand that he be developmentally under - equip to handle the adult pressure of stardom .
far more compel than the promise of even greater fame and fortune be the example of NE_person-0 , from gunther NE_person-1 ' NE_book-0 ( -CONST--0 ) , which tell the story of a boy who refuse to grow up , who , through his drum , reject the adult world and the horror take place in NE_country-0 .
like NE_person-0 , NE_person-1 have witness firsthand the abomination of adult behaviour and refuse to sign up .
from his early year , NE_person-0 be subject to both extreme psychological and physical abuse at the hand of his status - obsess father , who designate michael as the vessel into which he would mercilessly pour the acid of his unrealized ambition .
to this single end , NE_person-0 be ruthlessly single - minded .
NE_person-0 be terrify of him , whose mere presence could induce nausea .
at the age of -CONST--0 , the father yank the son from his pail and sandbox existence and make him run NE_city-district-0 's grimmest gauntlet .
the little mouse that NE_person-0 be suddenly find himself in the rat race and quickly learn to hate it ,
and like NE_person-0 respite in the beat of his tin drum , NE_person-1 find solace on stage , perform his music .
but the stage could not provide NE_person-0 with immunity against the constant encroachment of the adult world .
listen to his rapid breathe in especially NE_music-0 and NE_music-1 : the staccato - like pant of a stalk animal , the desperate breath of human panic , and his small boy 's voice hide behind the mesmerize slash and blur of arm and leg fending off an invisible attack .
from one track to the next , the lyric be n't so much sung as frantically whisper , the vowel cut short to the quick .
NE_person-0 be announce that he could no longer follow the course father and NE_city-district-0 have stake out for him , that the disparity between his real self and the role he be thrust into have reach unsustainable incommensurability .
only the child within could save the defenceless adult from the depredation of the adult world ,
and from this point on , NE_person-0 would reduce the project of his life to let the world know the truth of who he be : a confused , fragile , lose soul in search of care and love .
by the ENT_temporal-quantity-0 NE_person-0 have attain mythic status , he be so far remove and alienate from himself , he would have to shed , over a period of -CONST--0 year and still count , one skin after another before his true self could begin to emerge .
as we might expect from someone so radically self - estrange , the result have be nothing less than a metamorphosis .
NE_person-0 's journey of self - discovery be a work in progress like no other because it increasingly depends on the accommodation of -CONST--0 irreconcilables : the child and adult as one .
more reveal of itself than its favorite target , public opinion have not see fit to grant NE_person-0 the inalienable right to -CONST--0 confused mental state and ' off the wall ' comportment .
if most people subscribe to the notion that black and white be not only skin colors but state of mind , why be we baffle or offend when NE_person-0 , ENT_amr-unknown-0 be introduce to the white way of NE_city-district-0 at the age of -CONST--0 , tell us that he be n't sure ENT_amr-unknown-1 his true color be ?
rob of his childhood , abuse by a psychotic father and then prematurely subject to the adult pressure of the entertainment world , ENT_amr-unknown-0 be we surprise to learn that NE_person-0 do n't want to grow up , that he prefer the company and community of children , that he want to be protect and look after ?
every time the androgynous NE_person-0 go under the knife he be cry out that he do n't know if he be man or woman , child or adult , black or white .
as if we would have do otherwise in his situation ?
and to the never - end suspicion that NE_person-0 be a child abuser , ENT_amr-unknown-0 crime have be commit when -CONST--0 experiment -CONST--1 - year - olds fool around sexually ?
if you believe that NE_person-0 have the mentality of an -CONST--0 - year - old , ( and there have n't be much evidence to the contrary during the past -CONST--1 year ) he should not have have to defend himself against accusation of child molestation .
was it in defense of perversity or his incorrigible innocence that convince him that it be ok to reveal that he share his bed with children ?
more questionable , even criminal , than NE_person-0 's alleged fool around with other kid , be the parent who allow , even encourage their children to sleep over and perhaps share the same bed with someone whose sexual predilection have be suspect since -CONST--0 .
on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 , the court find NE_person-0 not guilty of the charge bring against him .
however , those whose mind be decide on his guilt before the trial begin will not be change by the verdict , just as NE_person-0 's essential nature will not have change .
NE_person-0 write that ' there be a higher court than court of justice and that be the court of conscience . '
only NE_person-0 know if he be sexually attract to children , and beyond that , if he have ever act on those feeling .
and if we grant him the mental age of an -CONST--0 - year - old , who have nonetheless conventionally father -CONST--1 children , NE_person-0 be then a child trap in an adult body .
which mean the crown act in his quest for authenticity await -CONST--0 final operation .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 do a man do ENT_amr-unknown-1 he feel , act and respond like a woman trap in a man 's body ?
he undergo sexual reassignment surgery and hormone therapy in order to become who ' she ' be .
there remain -CONST--0 final procedure that will totally liberate the child that NE_person-0 be .
when NE_person-0 find the courage to act on what his duty toward other children demand -- submit to voluntary neuter -- which will be tantamount to his final confession , the save grace and glory that be his NE_facility-0 will become his forever land .
NE_person-0 have say for all time , `` there 's not enough kindness in the world . ''
and i say this to you , NE_person-0 , may -CONST--0 tribe increase .
`` thank NE_person-0 i 'm an atheist : ''
the surrealistic cinema of NE_person-0 --
by NE_person-0
`` the thought of death have be familiar to me for a long time , '' say director NE_person-0 .
`` from the time that skeleton be carry through the street of NE_city-0 during the NE_event-0 procession , death have be an integral part of my life .
i 've never wish to forget or deny it ,
but there 's not much to say about it when you 're an atheist '' ( -CONST--0 ) .
so read an accurate testimonial to the personal and artistic sentiment of this odd and serious filmmaker .
like many of -CONST--0 contemporary surrealist , NE_person-0 be a paradox who on one hand claim apathy towards ultimate end , be , and be , yet on the other hand load his impressive body of work with moribund imagery and strange idea about the NE_person-1 he so vociferously deny .
NE_person-0 exhibit a radical , iconoclastic view of the world in which he find society decadent and antithetical to human liberation .
he have be call a realist , a surrealist , a marxist , an anarchist , a mystic , an anticleric , a freudian , a post @-@ freudian , a sadist , a moralist , a NE_religious-group-0 , and a poet - showman of the macabre .
his scenario range from the absurd to the tragic to the satiric to the erotic , profusely endue with the outrageous and the scandalous .
NE_person-0 have long be recognize in NE_continent-0 critical circle as a great and prolific filmmaker on a par with NE_person-1 , NE_person-2 , and NE_person-3 .
however , only recently have his reputation in NE_country-0 begun to catch up .
over his -CONST--0 - year career he direct -CONST--1 feature film and work in NE_country-0 , NE_country-1 , NE_country-2 , NE_country-3 , and the NE_country-4 .
utilize sardonic humor and the imagery of surrealism , NE_person-0 set out to undermine the value and institution people take for grant .
his aim be specific : through the surreal , visualize the impulse of the uncon - scious , he would , he say , `` shatter the optimism of the bourgeoisie world and force the reader ( or spectator ) to question the permanency of the prevail ENT_ordinal-entity-0 '' ( NE_publication-0 -CONST--0 ) .
NE_person-0 be born -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 in NE_city-0 , a small town in the NE_province-0 , NE_country-0 .
as a youth he receive a NE_religious-group-0 education , display exceptional talent in music , athletics , and the natural science .
he enjoy a comfortable upbringing in a reasonably wealthy , close - knit family .
his family come from liberal , semi @-@ intellectual , land - own bourgeoisie .
these detail be not irrelevant .
to comprehend NE_person-0 's work it be essential to understand that he be first a spaniard and secondly a product of NE_country-0 bourgeoisie .
NE_person-0 higgenbotham point out that `` blasphemy be only a form of think for any intelligent spaniard , '' and also that the `` art of his country be rich in eroticism and profoundly preoccupy with death '' ( -CONST--0 , -CONST--1 ) .
NE_person-0 say : my infancy slip by in an almost medieval atmosphere ( like that of nearly all the NE_country-0 province ) between my native town and zaragova .
i feel it necessary to say here ( since it explain in part the trend of the modest work which i late accomplish ) that the -CONST--0 basic sentiment of my childhood which stay with me well into adolescence , be those of a profound eroticism , at first sublimate in a great religious faith , and a permanent consciousness of death .
it would take too long here to analyze the reason .
it suffice that i be not an exception among my compatriot , since this be a very NE_country-0 characteristic , and our art , exponent of the NE_country-1 spirit , be impregnate with these -CONST--0 sentiment .
the last civil war , peculiar and ferocious as no other expose them clearly .
come of age , NE_person-0 express a strong urge to go to NE_city-0 to study music but be send instead to NE_city-1 to study agricultural engineer .
after a few year , he switch his study to entomology , and , more importantly , begin form close friendship with a group of young artist who be to influence him strongly in the future .
these companion include the NE_poet-0 and NE_poet-1 and the NE_person-0 .
in the NE_city-0 residencia NE_person-0 develop his interest in the art , theater , and act and gain his introduction to surrealism .
after graduate in -CONST--0 with a degree in philosophy and letter , NE_person-0 move to NE_city-0 , join by a few member of his residencia coterie .
NE_person-0 arrive in NE_city-0 highly recommend by influential friend of his parent and be introduce into the best intellectual circle of the city .
he be soon hire as an assistant director to NE_person-0 epstien , `` the only director of that bleak era of the NE_country-0 cinema to merit the title of an intellectual filmmaker '' ( NE_publication-0 -CONST--0 ) .
while hone his skill work as an a.d. , NE_person-0 also begin contribute article to various literary cinema periodical , most NE_publication-0 .
in -CONST--0 he formally enter the NE_organization-0 .
within this set he embark on his ENT_ordinal-entity-0 film project as director , a collaboration with his residencia friend NE_person-0 , entitle NE_work-of-art-0 .
he collaborate with NE_person-0 again in -CONST--0 on another surrealist NE_film-0 , l_age d ' or .
the rest , as they say , be history .
some critic , most notably NE_person-0 and NE_person-1 , now regard NE_person-2 as the NE_person-3 of surrealism -- a venerated master in total command of his medium and for whom the art of filmic manipulation become a `` delightful form of play . ''
for NE_person-0 , however , play have little to do with it .
rather , he see surrealism as a revolutionary , poetic , and moral movement :
all of us be supporter of a certain concept of revolution , and although the surrealist do n't consider themselves terrorist , they be constantly fight a society -CONST--0 despise .
the principle weapon be not gun , of course , it be scandal .
scandal be a potent agent of revelation , capable of expose such social crime as exploitation of one man by another , colonialist imperialism , religious tyranny -- in sum , all the secret and odious underpinnings of a system that have to be destroy .
he go on to say , `` the purpose of surrealism be not to create a new literary , artistic , or even philosophical movement , but to explode the social ENT_ordinal-entity-0 , to transform life itself ' ( -CONST--0 ) .
NE_person-0 recall the surrealist ' ideology , `` it be possible to systematize confusion thank to a paranoia and active process of thought and so assist in discredit completely the world of reality '' ( NE_publication-0 -CONST--0 ) .
indeed , the intent of surreal art be to move one from the conscious mind into the subconscious .
it seek to affect the emotion through the mind .
NE_person-0 state in NE_book-0 , `` if the vision reveal be too much for the rational mind to absorb ( too intense , too threaten , too ' real ' ) yet can not be reject , then it leave the consciousness and come to exist on a sublime level as pure surrealism '' ( -CONST--0 ) .
in NE_product-0 , for example , a girl 's eye be slice with a razor blade ,
a man wipe his mouth completely off his face ,
dead donkey carcass adorn a piano ,
a man 's hand crawl with ant .
each of these image be clearly too intense for rational thought .
NE_person-0 be draw to the surrealist movement for more than revolutionary or psychological reason .
the moral aspect of the movement intrigue him as well :
for the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 time in my life , i 'd come into contact with a coherent moral system that , as far as i could tell , have no flaw .
it be an aggressive morality based on the complete rejection of all exist value .
we have other criteria :
we exalt passion , mystification , black humor , the insult , and the call of the abyss .
inside this new territory , all our thought and action seem justifiable ;
there be simply no room for doubt .
everything make sense .
our morality may have be more demanding and more dangerous than the prevail order , but it be also stronger , richer , more coherent .
the surreal quality in NE_person-0 's film can be trace to a number of source ,
but the primary impetus be his `` irrational sensibility '' as evidence by his treatment of image , montage , and sound .
these give his film -CONST--0 dreamlike quality .
his most intense image be evocative of either humor or mystery .
mystery , he believe , be the essential element of any art ;
it be inseparable from chance ,
and the whole universe be a mystery ,
NE_person-0 believe that his own form of atheism lead inevitably to the acceptance of the inexplicable .
`` since i reject the idea of a divine watchmaker , '' he say , `` ( a notion even more mysterious than the mystery it supposedly explain ) , then i must consent to live in a kind of shadowy confusion ....
at least it keep my moral freedom intact '' ( -CONST--0 ) .
predictably , adherence to fantasy as oppose to reason in a rationalistic society lead to conflict .
the surrealist oppose nearly all traditional value and , as note before , seek to destroy `` all conventional social , moral , and artistic habit of thought and perception '' ( NE_publication-0 -CONST--0 ) .
enter NE_product-0 .
in -CONST--0 , NE_product-0 be as shock and scandalous as NE_person-0 and NE_person-1 have hope it would be .
it give rise to a stagger range of interpretation : poetic , scandalous , incoherent , an attack upon critic , an attack upon religion , and attack upon the bourgeoisie .
( interestingly , the film be finance by NE_person-0 's bourgeois mother . )
NE_film-0 ( which mean NE_film-1 -- though there be no dog in the film ) be deliberately intend to jolt the spectator 's peace of mind and to convey some of the basic belief underlie the surrealist movement , include the omnipotence of desire .
NE_person-0 state that he and NE_person-1 hold to only -CONST--0 rule during the production ,
`` no idea or image that might lend itself to rational explanation of any kind would be accept .
we have to open all door to the irrational and keep only those image that surprise us without try to explain ENT_amr-unknown-0 '' ( -CONST--0 ) .
the aim of the film be not exclusively to shock , but to incendiarially affect the collective conscience .
at the same time it be an indictment of all the art consumer who , either through stupidity , masochism , or self interest , be willing to swallow anything , no matter how much it go against their instinct .
NE_person-0 ask , `` ENT_amr-unknown-0 can i do about the people ENT_amr-unknown-1 adore all that be new , even when it go against their deep conviction , or about the insincere , corrupt press and the inane herd that see beauty and poetry in something ENT_amr-unknown-2 be basically no more than a desperate call for murder ? '' ( NE_publication-0 -CONST--0 ) .
the film be a dream and , like a dream , be both fascinate and disturb .
the open scene in which a girl 's eye be slice set the tone of the film 's meander and confuse itinerary .
many of the element that make up the film be remnant of objective reality .
the way they be arrange within the scenario push them into a mental reconstruction process -- in exactly the way dream draw on the previous day 's experience .
interestingly , the image have the matter - of - fact quality of a newsreel , or what NE_person-0 call a `` prosaic realism '' ( -CONST--0 ) .
NE_person-0 choose not to use the distort lens , supered image , or blur focus ( cinematic convention of the day ) to suggest the dreamlike quality of his film .
instead , he approach the entire non @-@ narrative in a straightforward manner .
he use the shock incongruity of the image themselves to build the hallucinatory feel of anguish that run through the film .
the unrealistic fashion in which the realistic image be juxtapose be the perfect way , accord to NE_person-0 , to illustrate `` the dramatic collision between desire and the object of desire '' ( -CONST--0 ) .
obviously , the director draw much NE_work-of-art-0 from his NE_country-0 heritage -- the religious and social implication , the theme of emotionalism and death , even the donkey carcass .
`` thus NE_work-of-art-0 , as a milestone in the history of cinema , emerge from its director 's adolescence in NE_country-0 and announce the theme and technique that be to preoccupy NE_person-0 for half a century , through the rest of his career '' ( NE_publication-0 -CONST--0 ) .
where desire and eroticism prevail in NE_work-of-art-0 , religion take center stage in NE_work-of-art-1 ( NE_work-of-art-2 ) , produce in NE_country-0 in -CONST--0 .
NE_work-of-art-0 be a bizarre little narrative set in the -CONST--0 century a.d.
NE_person-0 , in order to be as close to NE_person-1 as possible , have stand pray on top of a -CONST--0 - foot pillar for -CONST--1 year .
he be profoundly sanctimonious - to the degree that he even bless his own tooth when it fall from his mouth .
his devotion , however , be put to the test when the NE_person-0 ( a woman wear the uniform of a NE_religious-group-0 school girl ) arrive in a slither coffin at the pillar .
she be intent on lure the NE_person-0 from his perch as she repeatedly ridicule him and insult his character .
NE_person-0 heroically resist her temptation at every turn despite her various disguise ; first , a priest , then a shepherd , and finally as the NE_person-1 himself .
at last , despite NE_person-0 's holy strength , and for reason not entirely clear , the NE_person-1 be able to exert her full power and whisk him away to hell -- a NE_city-district-0 disco where trendy writhe and grind to `` NE_music-0 . ''
the implication be stagger .
`` the saint , devoted to his god , sit high on a pillar for all of life ....
but the pillar , discolored over the ENT_temporal-quantity-0 , wind and twist its way to the ground , be the excrement of the saint .
saint though he be , his bowel must still move .
so there he sit , near NE_person-0 indeed , but support on a pillar of excrement '' ( NE_publication-0 -CONST--0 ) .
there have be several interpretation of this seemingly blasphemous imagery .
one be that NE_person-0 and his church be really build on unacknowledged humanity .
another be that we can reach NE_person-0 only through understand the true nature of our humanity .
still another be that religion ( primarily NE_religious-group-0 ) be essentially a `` pillar of excrement . ''
NE_person-0 himself put all the interpretation in perspective when he say , `` thank NE_person-1 i 'm still an atheist . ''
NE_person-0 's flair for perverse surrealism and his malicious attack on conventional morality be fully realize in his second to ENT_ordinal-entity-0 NE_film-0 ( NE_film-1 ) , produce in NE_country-0 in -CONST--0 -- almost -CONST--1 year after NE_product-0 .
NE_work-of-art-0 in many way function as a sort of sequel to his -CONST--0 NE_film-0 ( NE_film-1 ) .
the image be astound and playfully absurd :
NE_country-0 hostage of the NE_war-0 cry `` down with freedom ! '' as they be execute .
a NE_country-0 lieutenant fondle the statue of a beautiful noblewoman and be struck on the head by another statue .
bourgeois couple discuss defecation around a toilet - line table but consider `` food '' an impolite topic , and so on .
the titular reference to a `` phantom '' boffows from the open line of NE_person-0 's NE_book-0 :
`` a specter be haunt NE_continent-0 - the specter of communism . ''
NE_person-0 twist this mean to imply that the specter haunt the bourgeoisie be `` the possibility of its own freedom unburden by the dead end of sexual license , willful irrationality , and the liberty to go beyond the self - indulgent eccentricity of the individual ego '' ( NE_publication-0 -CONST--0 ) .
NE_person-0 compare the film to one NE_work-of-art-0 his earlier surrealist work , l_age d ' or , say , `` it be no long possible to scandal @-@ ize people as we do in -CONST--0 .
today you have to do it with sweet subversion '' ( NE_publication-0 -CONST--0 ) .
NE_product-0 charge that society have substitute arbitrary willfulness for freedom .
one of the film 's vignette show -CONST--0 parent who insist on declare their daughter a miss person , although she be plainly sit in front of them .
the police , in a similar display of willful blindness to reality , even ask the child herself for -CONST--0 vital statistic and ENT_amr-unknown-0 -CONST--1 disappear .
in another episode , -CONST--0 chain - smoke monk gamble with their holy medallion in a card game .
`` i 'll open with a virgin , '' say one .
another play a `` father . ''
NE_person-0 believe reality be actually a smoke screen for hidden urge .
he use the absurd to imply `` an attack on specific abuse , not on some safely vague condition of man '' ( NE_publication-0 -CONST--0 ) .
in NE_work-of-art-0 NE_person-0 doubt not so much the possibility for society 's redemption as its likelihood .
`` we have be render unwittingly comfortable within our psychic cage to the point where we prefer them to liberty , an experience and aspiration we neither understand or desire '' ( NE_publication-0 -CONST--0 ) .
for -CONST--0 year , NE_person-0 make film about society 's dilemma .
his art be his declaration of confidence in a human race dominate by a bourgeoisie give to hypocrisy , sadism , and above all , a disrespect for its own capacity to live differently and better .
he summed it all up himself :
as i drift toward my last sigh , i often imagine a final joke .
i convoke around my deathbed my friend who be confirm atheist as i be .
then a priest , whom i have summon , arrive ;
and to the horror of my friend , i make my confession , ask for absolution for my sin , and receive extreme unction .
after which i turn over on my side and expire .
but will i have the strength to joke at that moment ?
NE_person-0 die in -CONST--0 .
note : there 's a piece by NE_person-0 in NE_magazine-0 ( '' betray : the NE_country-0 who trust NE_country-1 the most '' ) about all this , but it 's way too long to blog here .
check it out if you want .
it 's hair - raise stuff .
christ , can no one trust an NE_country-0 anymore ?
i 'm gettting sick and tire of be ashamed of the NE_country-0 .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 have we come to ?
fuck , piss , shit .
anyway , here 's a short piece from NE_magazine-0 :
thrown to the assassin
they cheer the NE_country-0 invasion ;
they offer to help , sign on as translator , risk everything they have to work for the NE_country-0 .
but when they have to run for their life , NE_country-0 slam the door .
by NE_person-0 / NE_magazine-0
on the day the NE_country-0 tank roll into NE_city-0 , NE_person-0 and his wife , NE_person-1 , throw flower .
literally .
after a lifetime of turmoil and tyranny , the couple fervently believe the invasion would bring peace .
NE_person-0 join NE_country-0 `` democratization '' effort , such as a project to create a govern council for his neighborhood , and he occasionally end up in the good - news NE_country-1 story that still seem plausible in those day ;
-CONST--0 NE_country-0 paper run a -CONST--1 - column photo of him perch on a classroom chair surround by american soldier , with a story about the `` new NE_country-1 . ''
these day , NE_person-0 and his young family be among the -CONST--0 of NE_country-0 who have flee in fear for their life .
after month spend dodge insurgent who have targeted them for support the NE_country-0 , he and NE_person-0 be relieve to have escape -- and bitter , like -CONST--0 of fellow refugee , that the superpower for which they risk their life have abandon them .
a short man who bundle his shatter body in layer against the desert 's winter chill , the -CONST--0 - year - old NE_person-0 be polite and relax , with an easy smile .
an engaging conversationalist even in break NE_language-0 , he love to talk about NE_city-0 , his infant daughter , and his wife , an outspoken woman several year his senior , whom he call a genius .
`` when we meet she be a professor at NE_university-0 , '' he boast .
`` i be her student .
when she walk into a room , -CONST--0 of people would stand to pay -CONST--1 respect . ''
consider that his life savings will run out in -CONST--0 month , that he can n't work legally in NE_country-0 , and that he could be deport at any moment , NE_person-0 be remarkably stoic , though the anxiety leak out in tic .
he chain - smoke cheap NE_cigarette-0 , crush the charred filter in an overflow ashtray ;
when NE_person-0 complain , he sheepishly offer that `` smoke be my only work . ''
it 's not quite true --
his one other job during the past -CONST--0 month have be recount his nightmare , over and over again , to border guard , embassy worker , and aid agency .
in -CONST--0 , he reluctantly tell it to me , pull document from a worn leather folder to corroborate the detail .
the story begin after the ouster of NE_person-0 , when NE_person-1 and NE_person-2 , like many NE_country-0 , launch a de @-@ baathification program of their own .
their target be the dean who have be NE_person-0 ' boss at NE_university-0 ( and who , as NE_person-1 tell it , have force her out when she resist join the NE_political-party-0 ) .
NE_person-0 want her job back ;
one day NE_person-0 confront the dean ,
and temper flare .
NE_country-0 soldier break up the brawl , bound NE_person-0 's wrist with a zip tie , and interrogate him .
he explain NE_person-0 ' gripe and what the loss of her job have mean for their family , include their -CONST--0 - year - old son and NE_person-1 ' -CONST--1 - year - old son from a previous marriage ( her ENT_ordinal-entity-0 husband have be kill in the NE_war-0 ) .
though he hold a master 's degree in engineer , NE_person-0 have n't be able to get a job in the doldrums of sanction - era NE_country-0 ,
so he be scrape together a live repair watch , his wife and children cram into his father 's small home .
`` the soldier be very understand , '' NE_person-0 recall .
`` i be impress . ''
they offer the family an apartment in a place call NE_place-0 , a compound near the NE_city-0 airport where NE_person-0 have house orphan he be groom to become NE_organization-0 loyalist .
in return , the couple translate for the NE_country-0 , and eventually the NE_military-0 's -CONST--0 st NE_military-1 hire NE_person-0 as an interpreter , at $ -CONST--1 per day .
NE_person-0 end up lead a NE_military-0 - contract security squad with a ENT_temporal-quantity-0 salary of $ -CONST--0 .
learn that he be an engineer , soldier later gave him lucrative reconstruction assignment .
he start an engineer firm and work with contractor such as NE_company-0 NE_company-1 ;
in -CONST--0 heady year , NE_person-0 's contract would mushroom from a few -CONST--1 dollar to an $ -CONST--2 electrification project ( later canceled because he could n't procure the need equipment ) .
NE_person-0 and NE_person-1 glow with wonder when they speak of those day , of earn a good live and have their own home for the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 time .
most of all , NE_person-0 enjoy hang out with the NE_country-0 .
he seem to remember every soldier he ever meet :
NE_person-0 and NE_person-1 give his children toy , a soccer ball , and school stationery ;
NE_person-0 get so close to the family they call him `` -CONST--0 -CONST--1 . ''
( NE_person-0 confirm NE_person-1 's story in emails to me , call him and NE_person-2 `` very helpful individual '' who `` risk their life by meet with us . '' )
it be as if they have suddenly find themselves citizen of the -CONST--0 st state .
and so , in -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , when NE_person-0 get his ENT_ordinal-entity-0 death threat , he think -CONST--2 be a joke .
it be handwritten , tuck under the windshield wiper of his car inside NE_facility-0 , a gate community with NE_country-0 checkpoint at both its entrance ;
the note read :
NE_person-0 , leave your work with the NE_country-0 .
otherwise you will be kill by jihadis because you be a traitor .
NE_organization-0
then the killings begin .
lieutenant NE_person-0 have once give NE_person-1 a photo depict -CONST--0 NE_country-0 soldier with -CONST--1 of their NE_country-1 friend .
-CONST--0 of the NE_country-0 be assassinate in short order .
NE_person-0 begin to notice car follow him ,
and a few time shot be fire at his car .
the anonymous note grow increasingly menace .
eventually , NE_facility-0 feel so dangerous that NE_person-0 and NE_person-1 move the family back to his father 's house .
a death threat arrive there almost immediately .
still NE_person-0 continue work with the NE_country-0 .
one day in -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , NE_person-0 be drive NE_person-1 , -CONST--2 month pregnant with their ENT_ordinal-entity-0 child , to a doctor 's appointment .
at an intersection , he notice a gold car park by the road ;
suddenly the -CONST--0 men in it leveled gun at him .
`` this be the end , '' NE_person-0 think ,
and then a NE_country-0 patrol appear
and the assailant vanish into traffic .
within day , NE_person-0 and NE_person-1 have sell off their belongings and flee to NE_city-0 .
their trouble have only just begin .
the NE_facility-0 in NE_city-0 be an attractive , NE_world-region-0 - style fortress , heavily guard machine - gunner in NE_car-make-0 pickups .
it sit high on a hillside ,
and the view be so phenomenal that you can imagine your gaze reach all the way to the NE_country-0 border , some -CONST--0 mile away .
in the foreground , NE_city-0 's roll mosaic of pale , boxy limestone building shimmer against the azure sky .
at its edge , in dank apartment on outlying hillside , life a substantial portion of NE_city-0 's educate middle class .
almost all flee in a panic , after get death threat or see love one murder ;
many be targeted by insurgent or jihadis because they support , or work for , the NE_country-0 .
of NE_country-0 's -CONST--0 prewar population , about -CONST--1 in -CONST--2 -- some -CONST--3 people -- have leave their home since the invasion , accord to the NE_organization-0 ( unhcr ) ,
and more than half of those have end up abroad .
NE_organization-0 label this the world 's fast - grow humanitarian crisis .
yet the NE_person-0 ENT_government-organization-0 have refuse to so much as acknowledge the refugee ' plight , let alone help them get to safety or even provide basic humanitarian aid .
in the past , note NE_person-0 , refugee policy director at NE_organization-0 , the NE_country-0 have often aid those persecute for support it ;
since the NE_war-0 , -CONST--0 NE_country-0 refugee have be resettle in the NE_country-1 , include -CONST--1 of NE_country-region-0 army veteran .
but the NE_person-0 ENT_government-organization-0 `` have abdicate that obligation , '' say NE_person-1 .
`` the people who have flee be the one the ENT_government-organization-0 be relying on to build democracy in NE_country-0 ;
it would rather ignore them than acknowledge that its initiative have fail . ''
it be in NE_country-0 that NE_person-0 and NE_person-1 discover the limitation of their friendship with the NE_country-1 .
NE_person-0 have emailed the embassy in NE_city-0 to explain that the family fear for their life ;
he 'd even offer to sponsor their relocation `` to the safety of the NE_country-0 . ''
an unsigned email from the embassy commend NE_person-0 -- '' i know that your NE_country-0 friend appreciate -CONST--0 friendship '' -- but note that NE_country-1 visa be `` quite difficult '' for NE_country-2 to get .
since NE_event-0 , NE_world-region-0 easterners in general , and NE_country-0 in particular , have face enormous hurdle get admit to the NE_country-1 ;
until -CONST--0 , the NE_person-0 ENT_government-organization-0 maintain a total freeze on NE_country-0 that shut out current refugee as well as -CONST--1 of people who have flee NE_person-1 's regime ENT_temporal-quantity-0 earlier .
the email nonetheless provide instruction on get a tourist visa ,
and NE_person-0 and NE_person-1 quickly file their application along with the $ -CONST--0 fee -- almost -CONST--1 month ' rent .
several month later they be notify that they could visit the NE_country-0 for up to -CONST--0 month , but that they could not bring their children .
they then make repeat visit to the NE_organization-0 to apply for official refugee status .
as it have with almost -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 of the NE_country-0 who have come through its office in NE_city-0 , the agency turn them down .
NE_person-0 and NE_person-1 set their sight on a visa to NE_country-0 , a major destination for NE_country-1 refugee , and even hire an NE_country-2 lawyer there .
they wait for month .
their savings dwindle ;
then their baby fall ill ,
and the emergency surgery , for an intestinal obstruction , cost $ -CONST--0 in cash .
in early -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , NE_person-0 get a rejection letter from NE_country-0 .
around the same time , word come that his father have die of a heart attack .
so he go back to NE_country-0 to bury his father , help his mother find a place to live , and buy state - subsidize medicine for his daughter .
but when he return to the NE_country-0 border less than -CONST--0 week later , he be tell he could n't reenter the country :
have recently suffer -CONST--0 terrorist attack , NE_country-0 have enact a ban on entry for NE_country-1 men age -CONST--1 to -CONST--2 .
for -CONST--0 day NE_person-0 stand on the highway at the border post , beseech successive shift of immigration official .
finally , a guard promise to send the medicine to his family in NE_city-0 if he would just go away .
once again NE_person-0 head back to NE_city-0 .
drive in NE_city-0 a few day later , he notice a NE_car-make-0 -- the NE_country-0 gangster 's vehicle of choice -- in his rearview mirror , closing in .
the car force him off the road ;
arm man blindfold him and knock him unconscious .
when he wake up , he be in a tiny room , handcuff to a chair .
mask men come and go , videotape as they curse him as a traitor .
they whip him with a steel cable ;
-CONST--0 month later , his back be still etch by deep , evenly space groove .
`` we 've be search for you for -CONST--0 year , '' his captor tell him .
NE_person-0 recognize the voice of -CONST--0 man , an acquaintance from NE_facility-0 who have seem to befriend the NE_country-0 .
`` i 'm sorry your father pass away , '' the man say .
soon , a bearded imam sentence NE_person-0 to decapitation for collaborate with the NE_country-0 .
NE_person-0 barely hear the proceeding .
`` i be think the whole time about my little daughter in NE_city-0 . ''
he be tell he could save himself by spy on the NE_country-0 , but -CONST--0 refuse .
on the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 day , the men ask if there be anything he want before he die ;
then they put him on the floor in the back of the NE_car-make-0 and speed off .
suddenly , NE_person-0 hear gunshot .
the men shout .
the car crash ,
and everything go black .
he wake up in a hospital bed -CONST--0 mile from NE_city-0 ;
NE_country-0 force have attack the NE_car-make-0 and pull him from the burn wreck .
he have a compound fracture in his leg and severe burn all over his body ,
but the nurse urge him to leave :
his captor would be look for him .
his brother -- who have receive a ransom note from the kidnapper , complete with a photo of NE_person-0 and gag -- brought him back to NE_city-0 , where doctor fuse a piece of plastic onto his shin and graft skin from his thigh over his wound .
a few week later , he be back at the NE_country-0 border ,
and this time the guard take pity .
the family have n't tell NE_person-0 of the kidnap .
but when she see her disfigure husband , she say , `` i know right away what happen . ''
on a crisp , clear day this past -CONST--0 , clutch a sheaf of paper document NE_person-0 and NE_person-1 ' ordeal -- contract , soldier ' recommendation , death threat , a miss - person report -- i head to NE_organization-0 at the NE_facility-0 in NE_city-0 .
NE_person-0 and NE_person-1 have make several pilgrimage there ;
they be convince that if only they could speak to an NE_country-0 , NE_person-0 's char and mangle flesh would make their case , but they have never get past the NE_country-1 security guard .
outside the embassy , i join a chatty , eclectic crowd of NE_country-0 : a retire hippie turn NE_language-0 teacher from NE_state-0 ; a woman with a NE_city-0 accent who struggle through the narrow eye - slit in her black veil to keep track of her hyperactive daughter ; a white - bearded man in a NE_person-0 hat , who say he be pick up his passport before return to the NE_world-region-0 .
i wonder whether any of us would risk our life for the NE_country-0 as NE_person-0 and NE_person-1 have .
to get past the compound 's ENT_ordinal-entity-0 wall , we navigate a metal detector , a body frisk , and an x @-@ ray machine ;
after cross a -CONST--0 - foot no man 's land we repeat the process at the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 wall .
then we wait to be call .
the NE_country-0 admit more refugee than any country in the world ,
but in -CONST--0 , only -CONST--1 NE_country-0 be allow in ,
and most of them have flee persecution under NE_person-0 before the war .
this year , -CONST--0 of NE_country-0 , NE_province-0 , NE_country-1 lankans , and NE_country-2 must compete for a mere -CONST--1 refugee slot NE_government-organization-0 have allocate for the NE_world-region-0 and NE_world-region-1 .
the NE_country-0 be in line behind their compatriot who have be wait in NE_country-1 since the late -CONST--0 s .
like other NE_world-region-0 representative , NE_country-0 official here refer displace people to the NE_organization-0 , which be charge with determine whether someone be a real refugee , and if so , with find him a safe place to go .
except that , as NE_city-0 NE_agency-0 NE_person-0 tell me , a -CONST--0 agreement with NE_country-0 forbid the agency from classify anyone as a refugee whom it can n't get out of the country within -CONST--1 month -- an impossibility in the post / NE_event-0 world .
( a NE_country-0 of about -CONST--0 , NE_country-1 have long have the world 's highest refugee population per capita , host more than a -CONST--1 NE_country-2 who flee NE_country-3 in -CONST--2 and be suppose to stay only a short time . )
of the -CONST--0 NE_country-0 asylum seeker the office have register since the NE_country-1 invasion , only -CONST--1 have be grant refugee status ; meanwhile the line outside the NE_organization-0 's gate get longer every week ,
and the wait for an interview stand at -CONST--0 month .
to care for all of the region 's displace NE_country-0 , the agency have a total budget of $ -CONST--0 in -CONST--1 -- less than $ -CONST--2 a person , which must cover not only the kafkaesque registration programs but also basic survival aid to refugee trap in desert camp or squat in abandoned building .
recognize the potential for `` severe humanitarian suffer , '' the NE_organization-0 in -CONST--0 recommend that `` the NE_country-0 take the lead '' in fund the NE_organization-1 's NE_country-1 program ;
currently it donate no more than a quarter of the budget .
direct NE_country-0 aid to the refugee consists of a tiny grant to the NE_religious-group-0 relief NE_organization-0 ( see `` how to help , '' page -CONST--0 ) .
at the embassy , i recount NE_person-0 and NE_person-1 ' ordeal at NE_location-0 , then at NE_location-1 -- the setup be similar to visitation in a high - security prison .
then , at NE_location-0 , i tell the story again to the consul general , who stood behind the bulletproof glass wear a telephone headset .
i be expect to hear that `` the NE_country-0 be do NE_country-1 best to help , ''
but there be only silence as the consul 's eye well up .
( an NE_city-0 - based aid worker later told me that NE_country-0 diplomat be so distraught by the policy -CONST--0 be charge with represent that `` it just take a few gin and tonic and they 'll break down . '' )
finally , the consul say , `` we hear story like this all the time .
we have enormous empathy for the NE_country-0 who 've suffer after work with the NE_country-1 ,
but there 's really nothing the embassy can do for them . ''
she hand me a document outline NE_government-organization-0 ' sole concession to people like NE_person-0 and NE_person-1 : visa for up to -CONST--0 military translator from NE_country-0 or NE_country-1 each year .
`` but do n't get their hope up , '' she add quickly ;
there be -CONST--0 with the same story .
`` this be something NE_government-organization-0 really need to address , '' she say as we part .
the ENT_government-organization-0 certainly do n't seem incline to take the initiative .
NE_person-0 , an embassy spokesman in NE_city-0 , tell me that `` there be no reliable figure '' on how many people have flee NE_country-0 , and that in any case , it be NE_person-1 who drive out `` a large percentage '' of them .
likewise , in its -CONST--0 ENT_temporal-quantity-0 refugee report to NE_government-organization-0 , the NE_government-organization-1 focused mainly on those NE_person-0 - era exile , and blithely intone , `` it be hope that significant number of NE_country-0 refugee will soon be able to return home , although the security situation will remain an important consideration . ''
the report ignore the fact that , accord to a survey by the nonprofit NE_organization-0 , -CONST--0 new refugee enter NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 in -CONST--1 alone .
and -CONST--0 will likely be worse .
as much as a quarter of greater NE_city-0 's population be now NE_country-0 ,
and the crowd have exacerbate the city 's severe water shortage .
price have skyrocket .
until recently NE_country-0 children could n't attend NE_country-1 school ,
and their parent can not legally work ;
easily identify by their dialect , NE_country-0 be discriminate against and terrify of deportation .
some refugee never go outside .
NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 spokesman NE_person-0 tell me that his NE_country-1 NE_country-2 NE_country-3 , `` certainly need help , and have hold discussion with NE_country-4 diplomat '' about this issue .
incidentally , NE_organization-0 have also call upon the NE_world-region-0 to pitch in ;
NE_country-0 's response so far have be to plan construction of a -CONST--0 - mile wall along its border with NE_country-1 .
before i leave NE_country-0 , NE_person-0 invite me to visit his family and a physician friend from NE_city-0 who share their -CONST--0 - room basement apartment .
on the NE_channel-0 from NE_city-0 , we watch NE_military-0 vehicle disappear behind roadside bomb blast as a man sang , `` let 's go kill the NE_country-0 ! ''
the channel 's endless stream of anti @-@ NE_country-0 propaganda perplex NE_person-0 and his friend :
`` ENT_amr-unknown-0 do the NE_country-0 allow this ? '' they inquire .
when image of dead children supposedly kill by the NE_country-0 hit the screen , NE_person-0 's friend switch to a channel on which voluptuous NE_ethnic-group-0 women dance in an un @-@ NE_religious-group-0 way .
NE_person-0 serve NE_country-0 coffee ,
and to keep the baby from play with the colorful cup , NE_person-0 suspend her from an elastic swing above our head .
she giggle as he bounce her by her tiny foot .
this be her prison , he joke .
-CONST--0 month after the kidnap , he still have n't get the surgery he need to heal his burn flesh ;
if the wound become infect , he could die .
NE_person-0 rarely complain .
NE_person-0 be test us , he say .
but we will get through it .
he look at the girl bounce from the ceiling and smile .
i have a daughter ,
and i 'm very happy .
NE_person-0 be more fearful -- -CONST--0 in the past ENT_temporal-quantity-0 , suspicious men have show up at the apartment .
NE_country-0 , she worry , have already catch up with them .
how to help
very few organization be work on get aid to NE_country-0 refugee , and of those that be , many be too small or too beleaguer to accept individual donation ;
the NE_organization-0 , for example , have suffer bombings and mass kidnappings , yet its volunteer continue to deliver aid to displace family inside NE_country-0 .
one of the larger relief organization work with the refugee be the catholic NE_group-0 , whose caseworker i shadow while in NE_city-0 .
buck the image of the NE_car-make-0 - drive aid worker , they make their round in an aging gray NE_car-make-1 , its roof eat through by rust .
they visit NE_country-0 doctor , engineer , and executive desperate for food , heat , or blanket to fend off the desert winter ;
one family tell the crew they have just sell their stove to buy food .
NE_organization-0 help a few -CONST--0 family -CONST--1 year ,
but the demand far outstrip the money available to us , say NE_person-0 the project .
you can make a contribution at : NE_organization-0 NE_company-0 -CONST--0 NE_street-0 , -CONST--1 th floor NE_city-0 , NE_state-0 -CONST--2 account # -CONST--3 , aba # -CONST--4 , NE_thing-0 NE_code-0
to ensure that the money reach the iraqi program , write NE_country-0 - icmc on your check .
at first , i sign up for a blog on NE_product-0 , think that it be a site for it professional where i could perhaps find friend more easily .
later , i sign up for another one on NE_product-0 , feel that write on NE_product-1 might make it easier for me to communicate directly with my NE_product-2 pal .
but gradually , i discover that both site be not very good .
at that time , NE_product-0 do not have the function of tally traffic statistic ( i have the habit of look at the statistic of everything ) ; and even though NE_product-1 have that function , others need to sign on to NE_product-2 before they could reply , this meant that after read the entry , many could not reply even if they want to , hence largely reduce the interactive element .
the enthusiasm with write the blog at the begin be short - lived ; after write a few original article for promotion , i do not continue anymore .
at that ENT_temporal-quantity-0 , i do n't think about post article from other site as i feel that there be no need to post any article if i could not come up with anything original ; this meant that sometimes for over -CONST--0 month i do n't even update a new entry .
later , there be also some minor problem with both NE_product-0 and NE_product-1 , so i become more unwilling to post new article .
so , these -CONST--0 blogs have not really be very popular , either
one of the hypotheses state : a long time ago , in order to hide from wild beast roam on the land , human have ever live in shallow water region for a long period of time , survive on aquatic plant and fish .
therefore , the body hair , which increase the friction in water , have fall off .
the reason for this explanation be that the fine hair on the back of human run from one side of the shoulder toward the spine , a different direction from that of monkey .
only such a direction could reduce the friction in water , and provide more buoyancy for the person who be swim in the water .
however , in all the primitive gather settlement that have be discover so far , we have not see any settlement where people live in such a way .
what be worse be -- from the perspective of the direction of the fine hair as well -- the fine hair on human ' upper arm point downward , while the fine hair on the lower arm point upward , which be to say , they all run toward the elbow .
this be somewhat similar to monkey who have hair : when it rain , they would hold their head with their hand , and such a direction of their hair would be easier for the rain to flow away along their elbow
ENT_amr-unknown-0 be NE_person-0 prosecute for ?
earlier on , NE_country-0 's involvement with the euro - for - oil transaction turn out to be a big news item with negligible after - effect , and finally it become a non @-@ issue , and hence there be no problem for NE_country-1 and the NE_country-2 .
but this time , NE_person-0 come up with a ruble - for - oil proposal , and even begin intensive preparation .
nobody would have any doubt about the technical capacity of NE_country-0 ability to protect its own resource and trade system ,
the intimidation that NE_country-0 have inflicted on NE_country-1 be still remember with a tinge of fear by some NE_continent-0 brother - NE_continent-1 country .
the NE_thing-0 be allow to float freely now , but everyone still have sufficient reason to doubt the replacement of the NE_country-0 dollar in dollar - for - oil .
but what be more vicious about comrade NE_person-0 be that he have roll out what be know as a " barbarous " gold system ; and that be , before the wide acceptance of the ruble - for - oil , a portion of NE_country-0 's ENT_temporal-quantity-0 oil revenue would be channeled toward increase the country 's holding of gold .
this be the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 among all major country to have issue such a clear proclamation - no wonder the recent link between gold and oil have almost be sever .
follow the ENT_government-organization-0 's announcement of new immigration regulation , all travelers arrive in NE_country-0 will receive the same treatment as they would receive when go to the NE_country-1 .
when they enter the country , they will be ask to provide biometric information .
at a press conference this afternoon , new immigration law confirm by immigration minister NE_person-0 will give immigration official the power to collect , store and use biometric information of non @-@ NE_country-0 citizen .
these so - call non @-@ NE_country-0 citizen include people with a tourist , temporary or residency visa .
these new regulation be very similar to procedure for enter the NE_country-0 .
the new immigration law also permit the immigration service to provide " limited " biometric information on NE_country-0 citizen to neighboring country .
however , the law do not explain the reason .
NE_person-0 say , it have presently not be decide when or how the biometric information will be collect from people 's body .
the ENT_government-organization-0 have introduce legislation that will permit further collection of dna sample from people 's body .
the new regulation on biometric information be only -CONST--0 article among the -CONST--1 article that make up the -CONST--2 regulation .
NE_person-0 say the new regulation will effectively simplify border - entry procedure and protect citizen ' right and international human right .
in NE_city-0 , a homicide occur yesterday in an apartment where many NE_country-0 reside ,
a youth in his -CONST--0 s be suspect to have be seriously attack after he leave a party ; he be find lie in one of the apartment unit , and be pronounce dead upon arrival at the hospital .
after the event , -CONST--0 men be detain by the police to assist in the investigation , the motive of the murder remain unclear , and the case be now referred to the NE_team-0 for further investigation .
accord to the spokesman for the NE_team-0 , NE_person-0 , the crime scene be in an apartment unit on the -CONST--0 block of NE_road-0 ( agnes st. ) in NE_city-0 .
the police receive an emergency -CONST--0 call at 12 @:@ -CONST--1 a.m . yesterday , and rush to the address mention above to investigate .
when the police arrive at the scene , they find an injure man lie in the unit ; he be seriously wound , and certify dead upon arrival at the hospital .
the body be send to the coroner for an autopsy in order to determine the cause of death .
for now , the police will not announce the name of the victim ; it will be decide upon only after the family be notify .
as to the cause of the victim 's death , and whether the case be link to any illegal activity and others and etc. , the police decline comment .
NE_person-0 also say that the police have apply for a search warrant from the court yesterday morning , and enter the unit in the afternoon with the warrant for a detailed investigation , in order to understand more about the incident .
investigator from the NE_organization-0 also go to collect information from the scene later ,
as to the motive of the attack , and whether the police have find the weapon , the police have decline disclosure .
in the face of criticism and nitpick , i believe that NE_person-0 be weaker than NE_person-1 .
ENT_amr-unknown-0 ?
because NE_person-0 be allow to make mistake , since he be a human be ; but NE_person-1 be not allow to make mistake , since he have be describe as NE_person-2 .
NE_person-0 propose evolution theory , but it be just a theory , and he himself also admit that there be many question ,
others may agree with him , or they may accept some part while disagree with other part , or in the future we might discover that the general direction of NE_person-0 's evolution be largely correct though fill with a lot of error , and that there might be an improve version of evolution which be more accurate and comprehensive than what NE_person-1 have propose .
but as the originator , NE_person-0 deserve much credit .
NE_person-0 , and the NE_book-0 be the word of NE_person-1 .
NE_person-0 create everything , understand everything , predict the future , and be infinitely resourceful , so ENT_amr-unknown-0 can he be wrong !
therefore , if you find a sentence that be allegedly say by NE_person-0 , but effectively turn out to be wrong , then this god will be overthrow .
therefore , NE_person-0 be more vulnerable to criticism than NE_person-1 , because once an error be find , then he could not be the true god .
after the collapse of NE_person-0 's dictatorial regime , NE_country-0 religious force have enter a period of revitalization and expansion ,
although the distribution system of the new legislative power in NE_country-0 have generally take care of the interest of all party , and find a relatively reasonable balance point among all ethnic group and sect -- otherwise a management committee , the interim constitution , and the current interim ENT_government-organization-0 would not have be successfully generate -- this do not mean that there be no contradiction among -CONST--0 .
from an internal point of view , NE_religious-group-0 and NE_ethnic-group-0 tend to see eye to eye on the political and economic benefit , and NE_country-0 politics have almost become the arena of these -CONST--0 faction ,
although under the balance of interest some of NE_religious-group-0 political figure be involve in politics , what the NE_religious-group-1 radical group be most concern about be that the NE_religious-group-2 would turn around and suppress them in the future .
in -CONST--0 of this year , a radical NE_religious-group-0 organization attack the NE_worship-place-0 , which be the religious shrine of NE_religious-group-1 , and this lead to the eruption of the conflict between NE_country-0 's -CONST--1 largest party .
the assassination of the lebanese minister of industry have trigger off angry protest from supporter , plunge NE_country-0 into yet another precarious situation .
in merely -CONST--0 short year , this minister be the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 senior official to be assassinate ; this show that even after the force withdrawal of NE_country-0 troop , long - suffer NE_country-1 still have n't usher in the peace that it hope for yet .
the NE_country-0 claim that the syrian ENT_government-organization-0 be the murderer , but NE_country-1 retort by say that the accusation be " totally without foundation , and in disregard of fact . "
at this moment , the real murderer be probably titter , but the world have clearly see that any one of the regime of NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 be more fragile than the other .
the NE_world-region-0 media say that in the " post @-@ NE_person-0 " garbage era , country like NE_country-0 , NE_country-1 , and NE_country-2 will encounter a lot more good show or terrible tragedy .
and the people believe that .
it be uncertain whether the NE_country-0 prime minister have take the political equivalent of NE_product-0 , or have lose -CONST--0 mind due to political bias , but he " lose his temper " several time in NE_country-1 during NE_event-0 , and almost mess up his meet with president NE_person-0 .
fortunately president NE_person-0 be magnanimous enough not to take it to heart , and give him the honor of a -CONST--0 - minute meet .
however , when this fellow return to his own country , he boast recklessly by say that his meet with president NE_person-0 have " important historical significance , " and even exaggerate by claim it as his " major diplomatic achievement . "
but those NE_country-0 opponent already disgruntle with him , see through his trick , could immediately tell that the meeting that president NE_person-0 have such as with NE_person-1 , NE_person-2 , and NE_person-3 all last over -CONST--0 hour ; a mere -CONST--1 - minute meet with you -- exclude the pleasantry and translation -- be no different from an extended hand - shake .
this early morning the soccer match between the NE_country-0 women 's team and the NE_country-1 team have indeed make me excite , i be surprise by the match 's brilliance , and i also gain a new understand of the korean team .
they attack swiftly and fearlessly and coordinated with tacit understand , but look back at the NE_country-0 women 's soccer team , it be in an inferior position either in time - control or coordination .
we lose this game with no complaint .
but look at the match between the NE_country-0 men 's soccer team and the iranians , that goal -- the insult , provocative , and perverse goal -- make me question the quality of the NE_country-1 team and even of the people in that NE_country-2 .
the NE_country-0 team show their gut during this game ; they manifest the courage and fight spirit of NE_country-1 people .
we do not shy away from the powerful NE_country-0 team , but do our best ; it be n't until after an overtime and -CONST--0 round of penalty kick that we then regretfully lose the match .
let us remember the NE_country-0 team , remember this NE_country-1 player who score this goal -- NE_person-0 .
the NE_organization-0 warrior return to our motherland with hope .
i believe there will eventually be a day when we will -- avenge
[] a high school teacher teach chemistry in the NE_country-0 have appeal to the NE_government-organization-0 to allow the view and theory that NE_person-0 create everything and intellectual life create the world to be introduce into school to be teach to student together along with NE_person-1 's theory of evolution , which have be dominate the scientific community since the -CONST--0 th century , and let student judge between right and wrong for themselves .
[] the long - stand policy of NE_country-0 NE_government-organization-0 have be that the theory such as NE_person-0 's creation be " unsuitable " for primary and secondary education .
[] critic have point out that some scholar from non @-@ NE_language-0 country actually have long mistranslate evolution theory and misinterpret NE_person-0 's original intent , and the translation itself have a natural development from low to high level , a falsehood with almost religious bearing .
[] also some NE_world-region-0 scholar - such as paleontologist and archaeologist from the NE_country-0 , NE_country-1 , and NE_country-2 in the -CONST--0 th and -CONST--1 th century - have long make use of the distorted theory of evolution and social darwinism derived from the argument to attempt to prove their point that certain race be more advanced than others .
NE_publication-0 , NE_city-0 , -CONST--0 -CONST--1 rd
accord to -CONST--0 's " NE_government-organization-0 " statistic , the volume of trade between mainland and NE_country-0 last year be -CONST--1 NE_country-1 dollar .
of this volume , the value of NE_country-0 's export to the mainland be ENT_monetary-quantity-0 , have increase by -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 compare with last year ; the import value be -CONST--1 NE_country-1 dollar , have increase by -CONST--2 ENT_percentage-entity-1 compare with last year .
NE_country-0 's surplus in trade between the -CONST--0 shore be -CONST--1 NE_country-1 dollar .
statistic also reveal that NE_country-0 business investment in the mainland be tend to increase .
last year , the number of investment proposal present by taiwanese business and approve by NE_country-0 authority totaled -CONST--0 , with a value of -CONST--1 NE_country-1 dollar .
the number of investment project drop by -CONST--0 as compare with last year , but the value of investment rise by more than -CONST--1 NE_country-0 dollar as compare with last year .
( end )
NE_publication-0 , NE_city-0 , -CONST--0 -CONST--1 th , by NE_person-0
NE_project-0 on the NE_river-0 have recently introduce the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 foreign capital .
the loan , a sum of -CONST--0 NE_country-0 dollar , be an export credit provide to the NE_project-0 by the NE_country-1 ENT_government-organization-0 , which will be use mainly for the management system of the NE_project-1 .
the project management system of NE_project-0 will introduce scientific management method and advanced computer technology of the NE_company-0 the project database management system as the core component in its control and management of the whole process of design , plan , contract , finance , goods and material , equipment , construction and installation of each subproject of NE_project-1 .
in -CONST--0 of -CONST--1 , NE_person-0 , the general manager of NE_company-0 , go to NE_country-0 to sign the related business contract .
this export credit project be entrust to the NE_company-0 bank , and its commercial agent be the NE_company-1 .
on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 th , the NE_local-region-0 branch of the NE_company-0 sign the agreement contract with the NE_company-1 of NE_country-0 to transfer the loan of the project .
( end )
NE_publication-0 , NE_city-0 , -CONST--0 -CONST--1 th , by NE_person-0
this afternoon the NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 ENT_government-organization-0 sign an agreement on border trade between their two NE_country-2 here .
NE_person-0 , prime minister of NE_country-0 , who arrive at NE_country-1 this morning to pay a visit , and NE_person-1 , chairman of the NE_government-organization-0 and prime minister of myanmaran ENT_government-organization-0 , chair the sign ceremony .
tonji , minister of the NE_country-0 NE_government-organization-0 , and gerson gersoncy , minister of the NE_government-organization-1 of NE_country-1 , sign the agreement on behalf of each NE_country-2 respectively .
since -CONST--0 , NE_country-0 have sign border trade agreement with NE_country-1 , NE_country-2 and NE_country-3 .
myanmaran official reveal that the total trade volume between NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 exceed -CONST--0 NE_country-2 dollar in -CONST--1 .
NE_person-0 be the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 prime minister of NE_country-0 to visit NE_country-1 since the latter half of -CONST--0 .
it be think that the purpose of this visit be to improve and develop the relationship between the two country , to strengthen bilateral economic and trade co @-@ operation and to expand NE_country-0 's investment in NE_country-1 .
yesterday and today , the myanmaran ENT_government-organization-0 reopen -CONST--0 main trade port locate in the border area of NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 that be close last year .
( end )
NE_publication-0 , NE_city-0 , -CONST--0 -CONST--1 th
NE_company-0 of the NE_country-0 and the NE_company-1 of the NE_company-2 of NE_country-1 recently sign a contract to jointly invest -CONST--0 NE_country-2 dollar to establish a joint venture enterprise in NE_city-0 .
it be report that this be the -CONST--0 th joint venture enterprise to be establish in NE_country-0 by the investment by NE_company-0 .
at present , the total amount of investment of NE_company-0 in NE_country-0 have reach -CONST--0 NE_country-1 dollar .
this new enterprise , name -CONST--0 -CONST--1 -CONST--2 -CONST--3 ( -CONST--4 ) -CONST--5 , -CONST--6 , will be engage mainly in develop , produce , manufacture , assemble and market x @-@ ray equipment for medical diagnose purpose , in import and export trade , consultation and technical cooperation , etc .
apart from set up joint venture enterprise , NE_company-0 also invest more than -CONST--0 NE_country-0 dollar in NE_country-1 by mean of airplane and container lease .
NE_company-0 now have more than -CONST--0 employee in NE_country-0 .
moreover , in -CONST--0 , NE_company-0 purchase more than -CONST--1 NE_country-0 dollar in product in NE_country-1 , and plan to increase purchase volume of chinese product in the next -CONST--2 year .
( end )
NE_publication-0 , NE_city-0 , -CONST--0 -CONST--1 rd , by NE_person-0
approve by the NE_company-0 , -CONST--0 insurance company such as the NE_company-1 , etc. , be anxiously prepare to be establish .
it be find that among the -CONST--0 insurance company to be recently establish , -CONST--1 be national and -CONST--2 be regional .
NE_person-0 , director of the preparatory office of NE_company-0 , say that the company will be establish accord to the modern enterprise system , that it be initiate by NE_organization-0 , and the NE_organization-1 , etc. , and that it will raise -CONST--0 yuan rmb as enterprise juridical person 's capital stock .
there be -CONST--0 insurance company now in NE_country-0 and more than -CONST--1 overseas insurance company that have establish administrative organization in -CONST--2 .
people in insurance circle say that as NE_country-0 's insurance market gradually open to the outside world , it be extremely important to develop national insurance business quickly .
the -CONST--0 insurance company approve to be establish this time can be say to be a big move .
( end )
NE_publication-0 , NE_city-0 , -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , by wire ( NE_person-0 )
the chinese branch of the NE_country-0 NE_government-organization-0 recently dispatch a delegation make up of -CONST--0 people launch -CONST--1 ENT_temporal-quantity-0 - long lobby campaign in NE_city-0 direct at NE_government-organization-1 and the NE_government-organization-2 , ask them to continue to extend grant NE_country-1 most - favored - nation trade status .
the NE_government-organization-0 delegate participate in this lobby campaign come from many well - know in NE_city-0 , large NE_country-0 company , such as NE_company-0 , NE_company-1 , NE_company-2 , NE_company-3 , NE_company-4 , NE_company-5 , NE_company-6 , NE_company-7 , and the NE_company-8 , etc .
they split into -CONST--0 group and altogether visit about -CONST--1 member of NE_government-organization-0 , congressional aide , and ENT_government-organization-0 official , use their experience of invest in and manage enterprise in china to explain the necessity of extend give NE_country-0 most - favored - nation trade status .
with the -CONST--0 - a - year deliberation by the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 and NE_government-organization-0 concern the question of NE_country-1 's most - favored - nation trade status again approach , NE_country-2 business in NE_city-0 be universally concern that the dispute among -CONST--1 's political party in this big election year could make this question even more complicated , hence the organization of group to carry out a lobby campaign direct at them that be organize and be plan .
NE_businessman-0 of chinese descent who be represent the NE_city-0 chapter of the NE_organization-0 and the NE_company-0 and be participate in the lobby team , say to this reporter that , as a follow - up action to this lobby effort , he prepare to mobilize -CONST--0 of distributor who belong to the company to write to their local NE_government-organization-0 representative to support extend NE_country-0 's most - favored - nation trade status .
the head of the NE_province-0 branch of the NE_country-0 NE_government-organization-0 , the NE_attorney-0 , say the NE_person-0 ENT_government-organization-0 have already demonstrate that ENT_government-organization-1 want to extend NE_country-1 's most - favored - nation trade status and because of this , the focus of this round of lobby be those member of NE_government-organization-1 who be more conservative .
( end )
NE_publication-0 , NE_city-0 , -CONST--0 -CONST--1 st
today , NE_person-0 , chief executive of the NE_country-region-0 , express welcome to " the -CONST--0 economic freedom index report " issue by the NE_organization-0 that NE_city-0 continue to be the freest economic system in the world .
NE_doctor-0 , vice president of the NE_organization-0 , and NE_person-0 , vice president of the NE_company-0 lead a high level delegation comprise of the traditional foundation and the " wall street journal " to submit the result of the report to NE_person-1 this morning .
the report by the NE_organization-0 and the " NE_newspaper-0 " confirm that the NE_city-0 's economic structure have remain unchanged since return to NE_country-0 .
the NE_organization-0 say that this index have sometimes be use by investor as an investment guide .
when comment on the index , NE_person-0 say that NE_city-0 have be the freest economic system in the world for -CONST--0 year run .
he stress that NE_city-0 would make effort to maintain free trade and strengthen NE_city-1 's economic competitiveness .
( end )
in the title and one of the paragraph of the NE_draft-0 ) " a talk on the achievement and future of finance reform by NE_person-0 , vice president NE_government-organization-0 NE_company-0 " broadcast today , the phrase " vice president NE_government-organization-1 NE_company-1 " should be change to " vice president NE_government-organization-2 the NE_company-2 " ( -CONST--0 place in all ) .
foreign department of NE_publication-0 , -CONST--0 -CONST--1 th .
NE_publication-0 , NE_city-0 , -CONST--0 -CONST--1 th , by reporter NE_person-0 and intern NE_person-1
NE_city-0 , the largest coastal city in northern NE_country-0 , while attract foreign merchant investment , also encourage enterprise to invest and build factory overseas .
at present , the number of NE_city-0 enterprise of various type that have overseas investment exceed -CONST--0 , and the total investment value exceed -CONST--1 NE_country-0 dollar .
accord to report from the NE_organization-0 of NE_city-0 , these more than -CONST--0 overseas enterprise be involve in industry such as import and export trade , production and process , medical treatment and health , tourism , cater , engineer contract , etc. , and be spread over more than -CONST--1 country and region .
the cater industry be one of the key overseas investment of NE_city-0 .
the " NE_thing-0 " establish in NE_country-0 by NE_city-0 attract the attention of local political figure .
the famous NE_city-0 snack NE_shop-0 , establish special permit franchise chain shop in country such as NE_country-0 , NE_country-1 , NE_country-2 , etc .
it be report that next year the NE_organization-0 of NE_city-0 will continue to adopt measure to organize and guide a number of enterprise overseas to invest and build factory .
currently , this city have already establish a relevant database to provide investment partner and project through chinese embassy and institution in foreign country , and foreign embassy and institution in NE_country-0 .
( end )
on the occasion of the -CONST--0 th anniversary of the establishment of NE_organization-0 , the head of the -CONST--1 NE_organization-1 country and the head of NE_country-0 , NE_country-1 and NE_country-2 hold an informal meet in NE_city-0 , capital of NE_country-3 , on the -CONST--2 th .
the next day , the head of NE_country-0 , NE_country-1 and NE_country-2 hold informal meeting again with the head of the NE_organization-0 country separately .
this informal meet of head of NE_world-region-0 country , the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 time in history , be a good start .
after the end of the NE_war-0 , NE_organization-0 confront new international and regional situation and comprehensively adjust its development strategy and foreign relation strategy , and increasingly become a cooperative organization in the NE_world-region-0 based on economic cooperation and integrate politics , economy and security .
NE_organization-0 , with NE_country-0 , NE_country-1 and NE_country-2 , strengthen their cooperation and jointly plan development , become a force that hold the balance .
therefore , the hold of the informal meet of head of the country in NE_world-region-0 possess important significance in promote cooperation between all country , in safeguard regional and global security , and in accelerate the development towards world multi @-@ polarization .
the development of country can not be separate from the region , and that of the region can not be separate from the globe .
discard old concept and establish new international political and economic order conform with the main trend of the time in which people of all country demand peace , request development , seek stability and promote cooperation .
to correctly understand the relationship between economic development , political stability , social harmony and national security , to diligently promote all country , region and the whole world to travel on the road of peaceful development , to jointly discuss NE_world-region-0 economic cooperation in the -CONST--0 st century and forecast the future development of NE_world-region-1 be subject be discuss at this informal meet of head of state in -CONST--1 .
peace be a precondition to economic development .
without a peaceful environment , any construction undertake would be impossible to discuss .
only when long - term peace be realize can the realization of sustain development be possible .
therefore it be necessary to breed a new kind of security concept and to seek new method to safeguard peace .
to establish relation between country on the basis of the -CONST--0 principle , namely mutual respect of sovereignty and integrity of territory , non @-@ aggression , non @-@ interference in internal affair , equality and mutual benefit , and peaceful coexistence , be the political basis and precondition for global and regional security .
that all country strengthen their mutual benefit and cooperation in the field of economy , open up to each other , eliminate inequality and discriminatory policy in economic and trade transaction , gradually narrow the development gap between country and strive for joint prosperity be the economic basis for global and regional security .
that all country promote mutual understand and trust through dialogue and cooperation , and promise to settle dispute and conflict between country in peaceful way be a realistic way to ensure peace and security .
this year some country in NE_world-region-0 encounter financial turmoil and have have some difficulty in their economic development , but the -CONST--0 basis of -CONST--1 country be still good and advantageous factor for economic development still exist .
in the course of this meet , leader of NE_world-region-0 country unanimously support the suggestion to expand local trade and investment .
it be believe that after review experience and implement proper adjustment , the economy of NE_world-region-0 will definitely continue to move forward in development .
the NE_world-region-0 country be not entirely without conflict and dispute .
but in order to safeguard fundamental benefit to the people of all NE_world-region-0 country , and to promote the lofty cause of peace and development for mankind , we must progressively strengthen the NE_world-region-1 cooperation .
chairman NE_person-0 solemnly elaborate on NE_country-0 's stand at this meet .
he emphatically point out that " we should uphold the principle of mutual respect , equal participation , mutual benefit , and co @-@ development ; we should strengthen cooperation in economy and technology , especially in the field of new high level technology , and establish reasonable regional economic structure , and form a mode of economic cooperation on the basis of learn from others ' strength and offset others ' weakness , and mutual benefit from advantage , balance interest , and practicing non @-@ exclusiveness and non @-@ discrimination ; and we should strengthen trust , broaden common understand , seek common point while maintain difference , and resolve dispute appropriately through friendly dialogue and consultation to guarantee the region 's peace and stability . "
everything be difficult at the very begin .
with this good start , people have good reason to believe that the coordination and cooperation between NE_world-region-0 country will certainly show more hopeful prospect in the near future .
( end )
NE_publication-0 , NE_city-0 , -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , by wire ( NE_person-0 )
a few day ago , the NE_organization-0 , the NE_organization-1 and the NE_company-0 consider and approve the technical transformation project of NE_city-0 's NE_company-1 to a production capacity of -CONST--0 NE_car-make-0 luxury car .
the total investment value of this compact car project be -CONST--0 yuan and by the end of -CONST--1 , it will first reach a production capability of -CONST--2 car and -CONST--3 engine , and by the end of -CONST--4 have a production capability of -CONST--5 luxury car and -CONST--6 engine .
from -CONST--0 to -CONST--1 of this year , a total number of -CONST--2 NE_company-0 compact car have be produce , increase by -CONST--3 ENT_percentage-entity-0 compare to the same period last year .
( end )
NE_publication-0 , NE_city-0 , -CONST--0 -CONST--1 th
recently , when talk about hong kong 's prospect and the NE_country-0 issue , NE_person-0 , vice premier of NE_government-organization-0 and minister of foreign affair , say that the central ENT_government-organization-0 be always fully confident of NE_city-0 's prospect .
at the same time , he hope that NE_country-0 authority would follow the trend of historical development and take opportunity to make active response and wise choice for the political negotiation between both side of the NE_strait-0 .
NE_person-0 make the above comment while he talk about international situation and NE_country-0 's foreign affair of -CONST--0 at an interview with a reporter from the NE_newspaper-0 .
NE_person-0 say that in the nearly half year since the return of hong kong everything be do in an orderly fashion by the special administrative region 's ENT_government-organization-0 , and that the guidelines of " -CONST--0 country , -CONST--1 system " , " administration of NE_city-0 people " and " a high degree of autonomy " be implement effectively .
the special administrative NE_region-0 maintain a good phase of prosperity and stabilization .
NE_person-0 say that we be always fully confident of NE_city-0 's prospect .
the central ENT_government-organization-0 and the people of the whole country always give strong back to the special region 's ENT_government-organization-1 and the compatriot of NE_region-0 .
we believe that NE_city-0 could continue to maintain its position as a free port and a center of international finance , trade and ship , and to keep its long - term prosperity and stability .
NE_person-0 also make a comment on the fact that begin this year , the NE_country-0 authority continue to practice the so - call " practical diplomacy " , advocate that NE_country-1 be a so - call " independent sovereign state " , and actively set up obstacle in the negotiation between both side of the strait .
he say that accomplish the complete unification of the motherland be the common wish of all the NE_country-0 people throughout the NE_country-1 and abroad .
since NE_city-0 's return to the motherland , relation between both side of the strait have draw greater attention .
but the development of the separatist trend on NE_country-0 have greatly hinder the process of peaceful reunification .
we hope NE_country-0 authority conform to the historical development trend , and take opportunity to make active response and wise choice for political negotiation between both side of the strait .
( end )
NE_person-0 , director of the NE_government-organization-0 say that the area of pharmaceutical industry in which NE_country-0 encourage foreign business to invest be : those that can meet the need of domestic and foreign market , upgrade product level , expand foreign sale , increase export and foreign currency earnings ; enterprise that can produce medicine that can not be produce by NE_country-1 but be urgently need ; those that can introduce domestically need advanced technology to reform old enterprise ; those that can introduce new high level technology , patent technology and product ; and those that bring advance management experience .
he say that apart from investment , the ENT_government-organization-0 also welcome cooperation of foreign pharmaceutical enterprise to cooperate with NE_country-0 in other way , such as compensation trade , license trade , ENT_ordinal-entity-0 party process , technology transfer , and joint development of new product .
( end )
NE_publication-0 , NE_city-0 , -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , by wire ( NE_person-0 )
on the -CONST--0 st , the NE_organization-0 release here a provisional assessment report , and once again lower its forecast for the speed of growth of the world economy for this year and next year .
the report hold that the effect that the NE_continent-0 bank crisis be have on the world economy be even more serious than previously estimate .
it estimate that for the world economy this year 's rate of growth would be -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 , next year fall to -CONST--1 ENT_percentage-entity-1 , and that this year be the year with the slowest growth in the last -CONST--2 year .
compare to the forecast that the above - mention organization publish in -CONST--0 , this be lower by -CONST--1 and -CONST--2 ENT_percentage-entity-0 point , respectively .
the NE_organization-0 furthermore lower the forecast of next year 's economic growth for a large number of region and country .
accord to its newest estimate , the rate of economic growth of industrialized country this year will be -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 and next year it will be -CONST--1 ENT_percentage-entity-1 .
among them , NE_country-0 's rate of economic growth next year will fall from this year 's -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 down to -CONST--1 ENT_percentage-entity-1 , and NE_country-1 's rate of economic growth next year will be only -CONST--2 ENT_percentage-entity-2 .
the economic growth of such country as NE_country-0 , NE_country-1 , NE_country-2 , NE_country-3 , and the NE_country-4 all will clearly slow down .
the NE_organization-0 also make a new forecast for trend in world trade in commodity and labor .
( end )
NE_publication-0 , NE_city-0 , -CONST--0 -CONST--1 nd , by NE_person-0
the reporter learn from the conference of head of chemical industry office ( bureaus ) that convene in NE_city-0 today that NE_country-0 's chemical industry turn loss into gain in -CONST--0 and that , accord to estimate , the ENT_temporal-quantity-0 profit and tax would achieve -CONST--1 yuan .
among province and region of the whole country , there be -CONST--0 province , autonomous region and municipality directly under the central ENT_government-organization-0 whose chemical gross output value increase somewhat compare with last year .
she say in her presentation that the whole industry ENT_temporal-quantity-0 produce -CONST--0 ton of chemical fertilizer , among which carbamide output be -CONST--1 ton , increase by -CONST--2 ENT_percentage-entity-0 , and meet the requirement of agricultural development relatively well .
she say that the progress in the construction of key chemical project be comparatively quick .
it be possible to ENT_temporal-quantity-0 complete an investment of -CONST--0 yuan for the fix asset in chemical , and to complete -CONST--1 large and medium - sized chemical project to put into production .
she believe that relatively large progress have be make in state - own chemical enterprise reform .
in the transformation into the joint - stock system , -CONST--0 state - own chemical enterprise have become list company raise fund of -CONST--1 yuan , activate reserve asset , and optimized industrial structure .
she especially emphasize the further expand of the chemical import and export trade this year , chemical export hopefully reach -CONST--0 NE_country-0 dollar , increase by -CONST--1 ENT_percentage-entity-0 over the same period -CONST--2 , and total ENT_temporal-quantity-0 import and export volume could reach -CONST--3 NE_country-1 dollar , increase by -CONST--4 ENT_percentage-entity-1 over last year .
she say that the chemical industry 's -CONST--0 ENT_temporal-quantity-0 gross output value could reach -CONST--1 yuan , continuously maintain -CONST--2 ENT_percentage-entity-0 growth .
chemical export would strive to reach -CONST--0 NE_country-0 dollar with a chemical product production and market rate of -CONST--1 ENT_percentage-entity-0 .
( end )
NE_publication-0 , NE_city-0 , -CONST--0 -CONST--1 th , by NE_person-0
the latest news from the NE_government-organization-0 say that , up through the end of -CONST--0 of this year , NE_country-0 approve establish a total of the 302,464 foreign investment enterprise .
at present , NE_country-0 have preliminarily form a variety of method to utilize foreign investment and the capital come from more than -CONST--0 country and region .
( end )
NE_publication-0 , NE_city-0 , -CONST--0 -CONST--1 th
NE_country-0 's NE_government-organization-0 recently appoint and dismiss a number of national staff .
( end )
NE_publication-0 , NE_city-0 , -CONST--0 -CONST--1 th
( end )
foreign trade over the year show the follow characteristic :
NE_publication-0 , NE_city-0 , -CONST--0 -CONST--1 th , by NE_person-0 and NE_person-1
the economic and trade exchange between the inland and NE_city-0 show a trend of rapid , healthy and steady development in -CONST--0 .
the statistic from NE_country-0 's NE_government-organization-0 show that , by -CONST--0 of -CONST--1 , the total volume of import and export between NE_city-0 and the inland be -CONST--2 NE_country-1 dollar , account for -CONST--3 ENT_percentage-entity-0 of the total volume of import and export of the inland , increase -CONST--4 ENT_percentage-entity-1 over the same period last year ; among which export to NE_city-1 by the inland be -CONST--5 NE_country-2 dollar , increase -CONST--6 ENT_percentage-entity-2 over the same period last year ; and import from NE_city-2 by the inland be -CONST--7 NE_country-3 dollar , decrease -CONST--8 ENT_percentage-entity-3 over the same period last year .
NE_government-organization-0 official in charge of the economic and trade exchange with NE_city-0 say that , the growth rate of import and export and the growth rate of export to NE_city-1 by the inland be far higher than the growth rate of import and export and the growth rate of export of the inland ( at a rate of -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 and -CONST--1 ENT_percentage-entity-1 ) over the same period , and be one of the inland region with the fastest export growth .
at present , NE_city-0 be the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 largest trade partner and the largest export market of the inland .
regard investment , NE_city-0 be still the primary source of overseas investment attract by the inland .
from -CONST--0 to -CONST--1 of last year , the inland absorb -CONST--2 project directly invest by NE_city-0 , account for -CONST--3 ENT_percentage-entity-0 of the country 's total number over the same period , and the agree value of NE_city-1 capital be -CONST--4 NE_country-0 dollar , account for -CONST--5 ENT_percentage-entity-1 of the country 's total investment over the same period and the actual value of utilize NE_city-2 capital be -CONST--6 NE_country-1 dollar , account for -CONST--7 ENT_percentage-entity-2 of the country 's total value over the same period .
regard foreign contracted project and cooperation of labor service , the NE_city-0 region be still the most important market of the inland .
from -CONST--0 to -CONST--1 of last year , the inland sign -CONST--2 new contract for foreign contract project and cooperation of labor service and design consultation in NE_city-0 , with a contract value of -CONST--3 NE_country-0 dollar , a completed turnover of -CONST--4 NE_country-1 dollar and -CONST--5 man - ENT_temporal-quantity-0 of labor service sent to NE_city-1 .
( end )
NE_publication-0 , NE_city-0 , -CONST--0 -CONST--1 th , by NE_person-0
the NE_company-0 , the largest foreign exchange bank in NE_country-0 , have good business performance in -CONST--0 , and realize a profit of -CONST--1 yuan for the whole year , of which domestic bank realize a profit of -CONST--2 yuan .
gross profit continually occupy ENT_ordinal-entity-0 place amongst every domestic financial organization .
the NE_company-0 actively and steadily promote various operation system reform such as the credit management system , the audit system and the personnel management system , etc. in -CONST--0 , and also perform exploration in the area of establish market operate mechanism .
regard operation , this bank strengthen deposit work , make rmb deposit growth rate come back , at the same time , through method such as sign bank - enterprise cooperation agreement and strengthen service to major client , etc. , develop potential high grade client .
accord to statistic , the balance of deposit in rmb of NE_company-0 reach -CONST--0 yuan last year , the balance of loan for all item in rmb reach -CONST--1 yuan ; the balance of deposit for foreign currency be -CONST--2 NE_country-0 dollar and the balance of loan for all item with cash foreign exchange be -CONST--3 NE_country-1 dollar .
at the same time , the NE_company-0 have also pay attention to bring all advantage into full play , actively develop the work of market ; make the traditional business of international settlement continue to maintain an advantageous position in furious market competition ; and also gain the new development of intermediate service such as foreign exchange settlement and sale , credit card , agent , substitute charge , etc .
it be learn that the amount of foreign exchange settlement and sale of the bank respectively reach -CONST--0 NE_country-0 dollar and -CONST--1 NE_country-1 dollar last year ; the amount of business of international trade settlement be -CONST--2 NE_country-2 dollar for the whole year .
the issue volume of NE_card-0 credit card reach -CONST--0 , the direct consumption value of credit card for the year be -CONST--1 yuan , increase -CONST--2 ENT_percentage-entity-0 and -CONST--3 ENT_percentage-entity-1 respectively over the previous year .
( end )
NE_publication-0 , NE_city-0 , -CONST--0 -CONST--1 th , by NE_person-0
accord to the latest statistic data publish by -CONST--0 NE_government-organization-0 , in -CONST--1 , NE_country-0 's export to NE_world-region-0 grow by -CONST--2 ENT_percentage-entity-0 .
up till -CONST--0 of last year , NE_country-0 's export volume to major trade partner , such as NE_city-0 , NE_country-1 , NE_country-2 , NE_country-3 , NE_country-4 , NE_country-5 etc. , reach -CONST--1 NE_country-6 mark ( -CONST--2 NE_country-7 mark approximate -CONST--3 NE_country-8 dollar ) , which be equivalent to gross export of the whole year of -CONST--4 .
the proportion of NE_country-0 's export to this region in its total export increase from -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 -CONST--1 year ago to -CONST--2 ENT_percentage-entity-1 .
the main commodity NE_country-0 export to this region be mechanical and electronic industry product as well as transport equipment , etc .
at the same time , NE_country-0 's import from NE_world-region-0 grow by -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 .
in recently year , NE_country-0 have be keep an obvious trade surplus in this region .
-CONST--0 NE_government-organization-0 estimate that , the financial crisis in NE_world-region-0 may weaken NE_country-0 's export to this region , in particular , the export of electromechanical product would be impact .
( end )
NE_publication-0 , NE_city-0 , -CONST--0 -CONST--1 th , by NE_person-0
after the successful implementation of a " soft land " , the rumble train of NE_country-0 's economy be run forward smoothly at high speed .
" proper , quick and stable " growth will become the main theme of this year 's economic development .
official authority reveal that this year the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 determine that the economic growth rate be -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 and price level will be control within -CONST--1 ENT_percentage-entity-1 .
this mean that the whole economic operation situation will maintain a healthy pattern of " high growth and low inflation " .
people in economic circle seem to be more optimistic about the economic outlook .
the growth rate , predict by concern expert of the NE_government-organization-0 , the NE_government-organization-1 and the NE_government-organization-2 , be mostly -CONST--0 to -CONST--1 ENT_percentage-entity-0 point higher than ENT_government-organization-0 plan .
of course , to a relatively large extent , this depends on aggregate control of use monetary policy as a primary mean , or in other word , under the major premise of general tighten , how financial control should timely and reasonably conduct fine tune .
moreover , the impact of NE_world-region-0 's financial crisis should not be underestimate .
on the part of the ENT_government-organization-0 , the keynote of a moderately tight macro @-@ economic policy will not be change .
the key of the current economy be not strive for a higher growth rate , but be adjust structure and increase benefit so as to make macro control which be implement from the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 half year of -CONST--0 obtain greater achievement and push the national economy onto a road of constant , rapid and healthy development .
actually , as main obstacle that restrain economic growth in the past several year -- inflation and the " bottleneck " of basic industry have all be evidently relieve and the macro @-@ economic situation tend to loosen , NE_country-0 's economic development be in a relatively favorable period .
this year , NE_country-0 plan to create an effective pull force to economic growth through maintain a moderate and stable growth of investment , consumption and export .
fix asset investment will grow by -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 this year , total volume of retail sale of social consumer product by -CONST--1 ENT_percentage-entity-1 and export growth by -CONST--2 ENT_percentage-entity-2 .
at the same time , the financial deficit will be reduce by -CONST--0 yuan .
after bid farewell to the age of " the shortage economy " , relation between commodity 's supply and demand have change from a " buyer ' market " to an integrated " seller ' market " and competition will be intensify .
hence , activate the consumer market , especially the wide rural market , cultivate consumer hotspots and new economic growth point appear to be particularly urgent .
along with comprehensively implement hardship relief measure take towards large and medium - sized state own enterprise , the pace of state own enterprise reform will be accelerate greatly , the dynamic of bankruptcy , merger and asset restructure will be strengthen , and enterprise deficit be estimate to decrease by -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 and a number of competitive large and medium - sized state own enterprise will gradually form .
however , the large amount of worker layoff that will accompany this will cause unemployment pressure to gradually increase .
NE_country-0 have determine to appropriately place lay - off worker and to strive to control the unemployment rate to within -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 through implementation of a large scale " re @-@ employment " project .
accord to estimate , after -CONST--0 year in a row of bumper harvest , if this year 's measure be effective , agriculture still have hope of achieve a good harvest .
agriculture 's increase production and peasant ' increase revenue will create favorable condition for inhibit commodity price and realize the target of steady economic development .
currently , the degree of dependence on the outside of NE_country-0 's economy have reach -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 , and the space of utilize overseas market and resource be in the process of expand , but be more easily subject to the influence of the international environment .
under the circumstance of a relative steady domestic demand , the pull effect of the trend of foreign trade towards economic development be more striking .
take all factor as a whole , this year 's amount of foreign trade will be increase steadily , the import will be increase and the increase speed of the export will be somewhat slow down .
people in economic circle say that NE_country-0 should adopt positive and steady measure to solve outstanding problem in economic operation , and special attention should be give to clear up bad asset in time and strengthen financial risk prevention .
forecast the year of the tiger , although NE_country-0 's economic train will have up and down , as long as adjust and controlled measure be at the right time and appropriate , it be believe that the train will move steadily along the preset track .
( end )
NE_publication-0 , NE_city-0 , -CONST--0 -CONST--1 th , by NE_person-0
information from the NE_government-organization-0 say that , after high - speed development in previous year , NE_country-0 's foreign investment attract have enter an adjustment period .
statistic figure show that , from -CONST--0 to -CONST--1 in -CONST--2 , the number and contract sum of recently approve foreign investment project decrease by -CONST--3 ENT_percentage-entity-0 and -CONST--4 ENT_percentage-entity-1 respectively over the same period last year , the amount of average foreign investment per project decrease -CONST--5 ENT_percentage-entity-2 over the same period last year , and the proportion of industrial project in recently approve project also decrease by -CONST--6 ENT_percentage-entity-3 .
since reform and open up to the outside world , NE_country-0 have be promote attract foreign investment even more as an important part of the basic national policy of open up , the past -CONST--0 year have be -CONST--1 year when foreign merchant ' investment grow fastest , and foreign investment have step into the majority of field of NE_country-1 's national economy .
the amount of foreign investment actually utilize by NE_country-0 have be increase in successive year , create an historical high in -CONST--0 , and a number of project with particularly intensify technology and fund have appear .
on the other hand , since -CONST--0 and -CONST--1 , the number of recently approve foreign investment project and the contract sum have be continually decrease , which will directly affect NE_country-0 's foreign investment attraction growth rate in the period to come .
expert concern point out that , after high - speed development in previous year , decelerate of the rate of NE_country-0 attract foreign investment be normal .
however , at the begin of this year , concern party announce that , for project that have foreign invest , and which be in field encourage by NE_country-0 such as the new , high technology industry , infrastructure , etc. , the country would implement certain preferential taxation policy .
accord to estimate , these policy would attract more foreign company to invest in NE_country-0 .
( end )
NE_publication-0 , NE_city-0 , -CONST--0 -CONST--1 rd
in order to perfect the management of international commercial loan , the NE_government-organization-0 decide to implement a new method of manage international commercial loan borrow by domestic institution from -CONST--0 st this year .
accord to regulation by the NE_government-organization-0 , international commercial loan indicate loan raise and borrow by domestic institution from financial institution , enterprise , individual or other economic organization abroad , and from foreign - funded financial institution within NE_country-0 's border , whose contractual repayment obligation be in foreign currency .
export credit , international finance leaseholds , compensation trade with foreign exchange repayment method , overseas institution 's and individual 's foreign exchange deposit ( exclude foreign exchange deposit in bank approve for offshore operation ) , project finance , finance under trade project over -CONST--0 day and other form of foreign exchange loan will all be treat and manage as international commercial loan .
accord to regulation , the NE_government-organization-0 be the approve authority for international commercial loan borrow by domestic institution , the NE_government-organization-1 have authorize the NE_government-organization-2 to be specifically responsible for the approval , supervision and management of commercial loan by domestic institution .
all international commercial loan borrow by domestic institution should be approve by the NE_government-organization-0 .
international business loan that have not be approve but be sign on -CONST--0 own authority will not be valid , the NE_government-organization-0 will not process the registration of foreign debt , bank be not allow to open exclusive foreign debt account for them , loan principal and interest be not to be remit out on their own authority .
the NE_government-organization-0 clearly stipulate in the new method that , domestic institution borrow international commercial loan externally be only limit to : NE_country-0 - capital financial institution approve by the foreign exchange management bureau to operate foreign exchange loan business ; juridical people of non @-@ financial corporation approve by the NE_government-organization-1 's NE_government-organization-2 .
juridical people of non @-@ financial institution who borrow international commercial loan directly must possess these several condition , that be , have continual profit for the last -CONST--0 year , have import and export business permission , belong to a national encouraged industry ; possess a complete financial management system ; must have a ratio of net asset to total asset not lower than -CONST--1 ENT_percentage-entity-0 for juridical people of trade - type non @-@ financial corporation , must have ratio of net asset to total asset not lower than -CONST--2 ENT_percentage-entity-1 for juridical people of non trade - type non @-@ financial corporation ; must have a total sum of international business loan borrow and foreign guarantee surplus not exceed -CONST--3 ENT_percentage-entity-2 of net asset 's equivalent foreign exchange worth ; must have total of foreign exchange loan and foreign exchange guarantee surplus not exceed the amount of exchange create in the previous year .
( end )
NE_publication-0 , NE_city-0 , -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , by wire ( NE_person-0 )
NE_person-0 , director of research at NE_country-0 's NE_company-0 , say here today that the real growth rate of the world economy in -CONST--0 will be about -CONST--1 ENT_percentage-entity-0 .
NE_person-0 , at a public lecture jointly organize by NE_city-0 's NE_company-0 and NE_country-0 's NE_company-1 , make a report concern the new year 's world economic and financial situation .
after he review the world economic and financial situation of ' 97 , he say that due to the economic growth in NE_continent-0 , include NE_country-0 , further slow down , the economic growth of NE_country-1 , even though its current economic activity be relatively good , and of other country will also feel a very large effect .
compare with the rapid growth of the past , the world economy have enter a period of adjustment .
he forecast that the real growth rate for the world economy this year would fall from the -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 of ' 97 down to -CONST--1 ENT_percentage-entity-1 .
NE_person-0 think that the rate of economic growth of NE_continent-0 's country and region , with NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 be the most prominent , would slide downward to a large extent .
but , he say , for these country the currency already have devalue to a great degree , export have recover , and import could decrease .
because of this , he expect that their economy would slip downward to the lowest point in the next half year .
he estimate that the rate of economic growth in NE_organization-0 would be about -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 .
NE_person-0 say that the NE_country-0 economy exhibit negative growth in the year ' 97 , and that in ' 98 , if NE_country-1 do n't adopt good economic policy , the economy would continue to be in negative growth .
he estimate it would be negative -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 , plus or minus .
he say further that NE_country-0 's economic growth would also slow in speed , feel the effect of the economy of NE_country-1 and NE_continent-0 be depress and of the devaluation of these country ' currency .
but because NE_country-0 's usual income and expenditure show a favorable balance , and in addition it have over -CONST--0 NE_country-1 dollar in foreign exchange reserve , it be n't likely to sink into the crisis like the other NE_continent-0 nation .
( end )
NE_publication-0 , NE_city-0 , -CONST--0 -CONST--1 th , by NE_person-0 and NE_person-1
the president NE_government-organization-0 , NE_person-0 say , NE_country-0 would continue to implement financial policy open to the outside .
NE_person-0 emphasize at the national and foreign reporter news press conference hold today that , NE_country-0 would not give up on financial policy open to the outside because of financial turmoil occur in some country in NE_world-region-0 .
he say , another group of foreign bank and insurance company have establish branch institution in NE_country-0 last year , and that by year end , the number of business orient financial institution establish in NE_country-1 with foreign capital have reach more than -CONST--0 .
henceforth , the number of branch institution of foreign bank and insurance company in NE_country-0 would also suitably increase , and at the same time would also prepare to expand experimentation of foreign bank handle rmb business .
at the same time , he also emphasize that , henceforth , more careful management of condition of foreign financial institution ' application to operate business in NE_country-0 and qualification of senior staff , and the legality of their business would be implement .
he say , as there never be a schedule for exchangeability under rmb capital project , therefore the process of delay the process due to the NE_world-region-0 financial crisis do not exist .
however , in the area of open up capital project , the lesson learn from the financial crisis in NE_world-region-0 will be assimilate , and a more careful attitude will be adopt .
( end )
NE_publication-0 , NE_city-0 , -CONST--0 -CONST--1 th , by NE_person-0
NE_city-0 , in NE_province-0 , locate in the center of NE_country-0 's interior , will , in the future , put emphasis on utilize foreign capital in the area of the high - tech industry , basic industry , infrastructure construction , agricultural development , etc .
NE_person-0 , the mayor of NE_city-0 , say to reporter recently that foreign merchant invest in the reconstruction of old city and residential house construction will receive preferential policy , and also encourage foreign merchant to trustee large - and medium - sized state - own enterprise .
accord to presentation , NE_city-0 will further improve the invest environment .
among which , the NE_airport-0 have obtain permission to open up to foreign register aircraft and have be appoint as one of the key hinge of air transportation in the nation .
the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 bridge over the NE_river-0 rive have also start construction .
the telephone capacity of the whole city have now already reach -CONST--0 handsets .
( end )
NE_publication-0 , NE_city-0 , -CONST--0 -CONST--1 th , by NE_person-0
NE_country-0 's economy and finance minister NE_person-0 say here on the -CONST--0 th that , the economy of each member country of the NE_organization-0 obviously recover growth , and main economic composition show good condition .
NE_person-0 say at the economy figure colloquium , organize by the NE_organization-0 , that the economic growth rate of each member state of the NE_organization-1 have already recover -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 in -CONST--1 , increase to -CONST--2 ENT_percentage-entity-1 in -CONST--3 , while this growth rate in -CONST--4 be only -CONST--5 ENT_percentage-entity-2 .
he say , in recent year each NE_world-region-0 nation have also greatly improve import and export deficit and the public investment situation , drastically increase trade surplus ; at the same time significantly reduce budget deficit to only -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 of each country 's gross domestic product .
when talk about the effect on the NE_continent-0 franc ( NE_organization-0 franc ) by the NE_organization-1 's prepare implementation of a NE_continent-1 common currency system , NE_person-0 express that , people do not need to worry for the NE_organization-2 franc 's future .
he say , because the economic growth of each country of the NE_organization-0 have already obviously recover in the short term , it be impossible for the NE_organization-1 franc to drastically depreciate like the -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 depreciation of -CONST--1 -CONST--2 .
( end )
NE_publication-0 , NE_city-0 , -CONST--0 -CONST--1 th , by NE_person-0
in NE_province-0 , the old industrial base of NE_country-0 , -CONST--0 yuan of every -CONST--1 yuan of fix asset investment be utilize from foreign capital .
fix asset investment utilize foreign capital have account for more than -CONST--0 / -CONST--1 of this province 's total fix asset investment .
this be what NE_person-0 , provincial vice @-@ governor of NE_province-0 province , mention at the provincial foreign investment utilization work conference hold recently .
during the six year from -CONST--0 to -CONST--1 , foreign investment actually transfer in have approach -CONST--2 NE_country-0 dollar , account for -CONST--3 ENT_percentage-entity-0 of the total fix asset investment in the same period .
NE_person-0 say : " for NE_province-0 , an old industrial base , which be implement large - scale transformation of the old industrial base , but be also poorly - fund , utilize foreign investment have become one of the main drive force in economic development . "
during the -CONST--0 year , nearly -CONST--1 foreign - invest enterprise have go into operation and production in NE_province-0 , and have accumulatively actualized a production value of nearly -CONST--2 yuan .
in -CONST--0 , the ENT_temporal-quantity-0 production value of foreign - invest enterprise break through -CONST--1 yuan , the proportion of ENT_temporal-quantity-1 production value of foreign - invest enterprise in provincial industrial production value have increase from -CONST--2 ENT_percentage-entity-0 in -CONST--3 to -CONST--4 ENT_percentage-entity-1 .
utilize foreign investment vigorously propel NE_province-0 's economic development , and promote social stability .
NE_person-0 mention that , in -CONST--0 , tax revenue from foreign - invest enterprise in NE_province-0 reach -CONST--1 yuan , and the proportion account for provincial industrial and commercial tax revenue have rise from -CONST--2 ENT_percentage-entity-0 in -CONST--3 to more than -CONST--4 ENT_percentage-entity-1 .
out of the operate foreign - invest enterprise in NE_province-0 , the number of directly place employee have reach more than -CONST--0 , and have become one of the important channel in solve the employment problem .
the area in which NE_province-0 utilize foreign investment have be expand from medium and small - sized process project to the -CONST--0 pillar industry for old industrial base transformation purpose : the petrochemical industry , the metallurgical industry , the mechanical industry , the electronic industry , etc. and such industry as agriculture , real estate , infrastructure , energy , finance , etc .
NE_person-0 say : " co @-@ operative area between foreign company and NE_province-0 be still expand constantly . "
method of utilize foreign investment have show a trend of diversified development .
NE_person-0 mention that NE_company-0 co @-@ operate with foreign investment , with a total investment of -CONST--0 yuan , have be approve by the NE_government-organization-0 .
NE_country-0 's largest iron and steel NE_company-0 , have be list in NE_city-0 for h - share transaction .
the NE_company-0 , have be list for issue b - share , and have raise fund of -CONST--0 NE_country-0 dollar .
NE_province-0 be actively adopt new measure of utilize foreign investment , such as develop the list of -CONST--0 share , property right transfer , asset lease , etc .
( end )
NE_publication-0 , NE_city-0 , -CONST--0 -CONST--1 th , by NE_person-0
vice @-@ minister of NE_country-0 's NE_government-organization-0 concurrent chief negotiation NE_person-0 express in NE_city-0 on the -CONST--0 th that the two NE_country-1 and NE_country-2 , must co @-@ operate closely , in an active and realistic spirit , appropriately manage trade imbalance between the NE_country-3 and NE_country-4 and other trade dispute , to create good external condition for further development of healthy and stable economic and trade relation between the two country .
NE_person-0 make the above statement during a speech hold by the NE_organization-0 .
he say , current world economic globalization be develop deeply , investment flow be faster than trade flow , overseas investment and sale volume of large NE_world-region-0 country have greatly exceed local import value , the proportion of foreign investment replace direct import be significantly increase .
under these circumstance , use scientific method to implement trade statistic be important , and continue use of traditional trade income and expense balance method to gauge the trade relation between country be already diverge from reality .
during his speech , he quote the conclusion from the latest research report by an NE_country-0 expert group regard the sino - NE_country-1 trade statistic problem .
the report be write by famous expert and scholar from the NE_country-0 's NE_university-0 and the NE_university-1 after nearly -CONST--0 month of research .
it clearly analyzed the sino - NE_country-0 economy and trade relation development situation in -CONST--0 , point out that after exclude various factor such as NE_city-0 's transfer trade , etc. , the NE_country-1 trade volume with NE_country-2 that year be between 15.6 to -CONST--1 NE_country-3 dollar , drastically lower than the statistical data of -CONST--2 NE_country-4 dollar announce officially by the NE_country-5 .
at the same time , NE_person-0 point out that the NE_country-0 side understand the concern of the NE_country-1 side over sino - NE_country-2 trade imbalance .
the NE_country-0 side will adopt active and practical step to further reduce tariff , reduce non @-@ tariff management measure , improve market entry condition and increase import from the NE_country-1 .
at the same time , the NE_country-0 side also hope the NE_country-1 side will relax restriction over the export of NE_country-2 high - tech product , gradually jointly realize a trade balance between the two NE_country-3 use positive method , to create condition for the healthy and stable development of sino - NE_country-4 economy and trade relation .
NE_person-0 come to NE_city-0 from NE_city-1 on the -CONST--0 th to participate in speech .
he will fly to NE_city-0 on the afternoon of the -CONST--0 th to participate in another round of speech .
NE_state-0 will be the last stop of his -CONST--0 - day NE_country-0 trip .
( end )
NE_publication-0 , NE_city-0 , -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , by wire ( NE_person-0 and NE_person-1 )
the latest statistical data announce here indicate that NE_country-0 merchant who invest in NE_city-0 achieve good operate result in -CONST--0 .
of the more than -CONST--0 NE_country-0 - capital corporation that start operation last year , for the period from -CONST--1 to -CONST--2 , sale revenue reach -CONST--3 yuan rmb , with corporation profit of -CONST--4 yuan rmb and export of -CONST--5 NE_country-1 dollar .
accord to presentation by director of NE_city-0 ENT_government-organization-0 's NE_government-organization-0 , up to the end of -CONST--0 , the total number of NE_country-0 capital corporation NE_city-1 approve to establish have reach -CONST--1 , the agree investment value be nearly -CONST--2 NE_country-1 dollar , and the agree NE_country-2 capital be -CONST--3 us dollar .
this director say , in the period from -CONST--0 to -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 NE_city-0 NE_country-0 capital corporation , namely NE_company-0 , NE_company-1 , and NE_company-2 be list of corporation in the selection of NE_country-1 's largest -CONST--3 -CONST--4 - capital corporation .
among these , the NE_company-0 in NE_country-0 for produce " NE_noodle-0 " instant noodle , have -CONST--0 operate revenue reach over -CONST--1 rmb .
NE_company-0 , which start in the wood process industry in NE_city-0 , have successively implement graft reform of more than -CONST--0 state - own corporation in the motherland mainland in recent year , chart a route of expand inexpensively and develop rapidly , become the " NE_thing-0 " widely commend in the economic arena .
director of NE_city-0 's NE_government-organization-0 , NE_person-0 say , although there be a slow down in the growth rate of NE_country-0 merchant ' investment in NE_city-1 due to the hindrance of NE_country-1 authority last year , result in only -CONST--0 recently approve NE_country-2 capital corporation and the total agree investment value reach -CONST--1 NE_country-3 dollar which be both lower than that achieve in the previous year , but the quality and technological standard of investment both have further improvement .
currently , the average scale of NE_country-0 capital corporation invest in NE_city-0 have already reach -CONST--0 NE_country-1 dollar , and high - tech corporation increase significantly .
this show that the motherland 's political and economic situation have stabilize , and the investment environment have further improve and the vast market still possess tremendous attraction for NE_country-0 merchant .
he say , last year NE_city-0 adopt a series of measure to improve the investment environment of NE_country-0 merchant in NE_city-1 .
last year , NE_city-0 NE_government-organization-0 implement check on the implementation situation of NE_city-1 's ENT_ordinal-entity-0 local NE_country-0 - related regulation , " NE_city-2 's method of implement the NE_country-1 NE_country-2 compatriot investment protection law " , promote the fulfillment of regulation in area such as the right of NE_country-3 compatriot ' invest in NE_city-3 , enjoy preferential policy and treatment of the city 's people , and the ENT_government-organization-0 's protection measure for NE_country-4 - capital corporation , etc .
a NE_country-0 merchant investment district have be establish within NE_city-0 's NE_location-0 , provide convenience for NE_country-1 merchant invest in NE_city-1 such as more preferential condition and more circumspect service .
NE_city-0 have establish a director of the NE_government-organization-0 reception day system , in time handle the difficulty in NE_country-0 capital corporate operation .
these measure increase the attractiveness of NE_city-0 to NE_country-0 merchant .
( end )
NE_company-0 strive to expand international financial transaction
NE_publication-0 , NE_city-0 , -CONST--0 -CONST--1 th , by NE_person-0
accord to what official from NE_country-0 's NE_company-0 reveal , by the end of last year , the bank have provide finance of foreign exchange for 24 national key project totally , among which -CONST--0 have finish the sign contract , with a total foreign contracted amount of about -CONST--1 us dollar .
this political bank , which have be establish only -CONST--0 year , raise a loan of -CONST--1 NE_country-0 dollar from bank syndicate for NE_province-0 's NE_company-0 's NE_thing-0 through the NE_organization-0 , and undertook the foreign finance of project such as the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 group of -CONST--2 water wheel set on the left bank of the dam of the NE_thing-1 , the NE_facility-0 expansion project , the NE_facility-1 , the NE_facility-2 water conservancy hub , and the NE_facility-3 .
on this basis , the loan quality of the development bank be secure and achieve better economic benefit .
by the end of last year , the return rate on loan principal and interest reach -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 , and realize an accumulative total profit of -CONST--1 NE_country-0 dollar .
the NE_company-0 successfully issue samurai bond of -CONST--0 japanese yen for the first time with a status of a national sovereign - level fund raiser last -CONST--1 in NE_country-0 , and issue NE_thing-0 of -CONST--2 NE_country-1 dollar on the market in the NE_country-2 at the begin of this year , establish a good image on the international financial market .
currently , the NE_company-0 have already do business such as borrow money among bank , overseas short - term investment , international liquidations and settlement , etc. with financial institution that have a higher credit stand both inside and outside the border .
the NE_country-0 NE_company-0 and the NE_country-1 NE_company-1 give relatively high appraisal for the outstanding achievement of the NE_company-2 .
( end )
NE_publication-0 , NE_city-0 , -CONST--0 -CONST--1 th
the statistic from the NE_government-organization-0 show that , last year , NE_country-0 's trade with NE_country-1 continue increase , the gross value of import and export reach -CONST--0 NE_country-2 dollar , -CONST--1 ENT_percentage-entity-0 higher than that of last year , and account for -CONST--2 ENT_percentage-entity-1 of NE_country-3 's gross value of foreign trade .
of which , export be -CONST--0 NE_country-0 dollar , and import be -CONST--1 NE_country-1 dollar .
the trade surplus against NE_country-0 be -CONST--0 NE_country-1 dollar .
NE_country-0 have , for -CONST--0 year , successively rank ENT_ordinal-entity-0 place among NE_country-1 's foreign trade partner , and the bilateral trade volume last year be -CONST--1 -CONST--2 dollar higher than that of NE_country-2 and the NE_country-3 , NE_country-4 's ENT_ordinal-entity-1 largest trade partner .
accord to presentation , the dependency of NE_country-0 's export product on the japanese market have be increase ENT_temporal-quantity-0 , but the proportion of import product in the total import volume from NE_country-1 have fluctuate irregularly ; the development of various trade method be not balance , general trade have decrease , process trade have increase ; while the growth of primary product trade be considerably fast .
last year , export of primary product to NE_country-0 be -CONST--0 NE_country-1 dollar , -CONST--1 ENT_percentage-entity-0 higher than that of the previous year , and import of primary product from NE_country-2 be -CONST--2 NE_country-3 dollar , a -CONST--3 ENT_percentage-entity-1 growth .
the trade of foreign - invest enterprise with NE_country-0 increase rapidly .
last year , the export of foreign - invest enterprise to -CONST--0 be -CONST--1 NE_country-0 dollar , up -CONST--2 ENT_percentage-entity-0 , and account for -CONST--3 ENT_percentage-entity-1 of NE_country-1 's export to NE_country-2 ; import be -CONST--4 NE_country-3 dollar , up -CONST--5 ENT_percentage-entity-2 , and account for -CONST--6 ENT_percentage-entity-3 of NE_country-4 's total import value from NE_country-5 .
( end )
NE_publication-0 , NE_city-0 , -CONST--0 -CONST--1 , by wire ( NE_person-0 )
the NE_company-0 of NE_company-1 , today provide an export credit insurance amount of -CONST--0 NE_country-0 dollar to the NE_company-2 for them to export container crane to NE_country-1 .
this be the largest export credit insurance in the NE_city-0 region to date .
this export project include -CONST--0 set of -CONST--1 ton dock container crane and -CONST--2 set of wheel - type gantry crane .
the NE_country-0 side will pay a deposit of -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 in advance , with the remain -CONST--1 ENT_percentage-entity-1 of payment to be repay in -CONST--2 year .
the insurance service provide by NE_company-0 of NE_company-1 this time be to guarantee that the NE_company-2 will receive the payment safely accord to contract regulation , in order to reach the goal of support and expand the export of NE_country-0 's electrical goods .
the system of export credit insurance be a type of convention be use internationally .
the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 instruct NE_company-0 of NE_company-1 , to start export credit insurance business on behalf of the government , provide domestic export enterprise with insurance such as short - term letter - of - credit and non @-@ letter - of - credit export receipt risk insurance , utilize domestic bank ' buyer credit or seller 's credit to export large - scale accessory equipment , etc. medium to long term export receipt risk insurance , etc .
for this , in -CONST--0 NE_country-0 's central treasurer allocate -CONST--1 NE_country-1 dollar as risk preparation fund , to be use by the NE_organization-0 to launch export credit insurance service .
to date , the NE_company-0 of NE_company-1 have provide national export corporation with more than -CONST--0 NE_country-0 dollar of export receipt risk insurance , among which be -CONST--1 project for short term export business and over -CONST--2 project for medium to long term project .
( end )
NE_publication-0 , NE_city-0 , by NE_person-0 and correspondent NE_person-1
NE_continent-0 's largest fluorine - free coolant manufacture NE_base-0 complete construction and go into production recently in NE_city-0 's NE_city-district-0 .
with headquarters establish in NE_country-0 , NE_company-0 be a large - scale multi @-@ national group company manufacture and sell fluorine - free coolant .
NE_company-0 be a joint - venture corporation jointly build by the NE_company-1 's NE_company-2 , NE_country-0 's NE_city-district-0 's head office and china 's NE_company-3 with a total investment value of -CONST--0 NE_country-1 dollar , among which the foreign investment value be -CONST--1 NE_country-2 dollar .
the company occupy -CONST--0 square meter , and introduce a complete set of NE_continent-0 and NE_country-0 advance production line and test equipment , to produce NE_company-0 's new series of fluorine - free coolant .
the currently complete ENT_ordinal-entity-0 phase project ENT_temporal-quantity-0 production volume that could reach -CONST--0 ton , completely export for sell overseas , with ENT_temporal-quantity-1 production value reach -CONST--1 NE_country-0 dollar , be the fluorine - free coolant production base that currently have the largest production scale , and the most advanced equipment and technology in NE_continent-0 .
the completion and enter into production of this production base , signify that NE_country-0 's fluorine - free coolant production have step into the world 's lead rank .
( end )
NE_publication-0 , NE_city-0 , -CONST--0 -CONST--1 th , by NE_person-0
this reporter learn from the -CONST--0 th NE_conference-0 , that the main target for NE_city-0 's national economic social development this year be : to seek speed in stability , to liven up in apprehension , to strengthen management and grow effectively .
this year , NE_country-0 's macro @-@ economic policy will maintain continuity , stability and require flexibility .
accord to this , NE_city-0 request that this year the city 's per - capita income grow by -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 compare with the last year ; industrial add - value grow by -CONST--1 ENT_percentage-entity-1 ( total industrial output grow by -CONST--2 ENT_percentage-entity-2 ) ; agricultural add - value grow by -CONST--3 ENT_percentage-entity-3 ( total agricultural output grow by -CONST--4 ENT_percentage-entity-4 ) ; tertiary production value add grow by -CONST--5 ENT_percentage-entity-5 ; municipal social fix asset investment grow by -CONST--6 ENT_percentage-entity-6 ; total amount of social consumable retail grow by -CONST--7 ENT_percentage-entity-7 ; foreign trade export grow by -CONST--8 ENT_percentage-entity-8 ; import grow by -CONST--9 ENT_percentage-entity-9 ; actually utilize foreign investment grow by -CONST--10 ENT_percentage-entity-10 ; overall price level of retail goods to be control within -CONST--11 ENT_percentage-entity-11 ; financial income within the budget to grow by -CONST--12 ENT_percentage-entity-12 , the rate of contribution of technology progress towards industrial economic growth to further increase by -CONST--13 ENT_percentage-entity-13 on the foundation of last year ; city - township register unemployment rate to be control at below -CONST--14 ENT_percentage-entity-14 ; population natural growth rate to be control below -CONST--15 ENT_percentage-entity-15 . ]
accord to data provide by the NE_government-organization-0 , last year , NE_city-0 complete a gross domestic product of -CONST--0 yuan ; complete industrial add value of -CONST--1 yuan ; agricultural add value of -CONST--2 yuan ; fix asset investment of -CONST--3 yuan ; total social consumable retail amount of -CONST--4 yuan ; foreign trade export value of -CONST--5 NE_country-0 dollar ; actual utilized foreign investment of -CONST--6 NE_country-1 dollar ; and a retail goods price index increase of -CONST--7 ENT_percentage-entity-0 .
( end )
NE_publication-0 , NE_city-0 , -CONST--0 -CONST--1 th , by NE_person-0
NE_country-0 's NE_government-organization-0 will use the railway project NE_organization-0 loan to build a railway specific communication network to link the whole country .
after aggressive competition , the NE_company-0 win the bid , and will together with the NE_company-1 , provide the NE_government-organization-0 with a total volume of 220,000 line of program control switch equipment , with a -CONST--0 contract value of close to -CONST--1 NE_country-0 dollar .
NE_government-organization-0 personnel present that , this network construction be a part of the national railway backbone telecommunication reform project .
after it be build and put into service , it will benefit passenger and goods owner from all over NE_country-0 , include the NE_city-0 and NE_city-1 region , to check the situation of railway operation via websites , to reserve passenger ticket or goods allocation in advance , and to track departure and arrival location of goods .
in recent year , in the area of infrastructure construction , NE_country-0 have begin to utilize loan from international financial organization to implement international competitive bid procurement .
this procurement be implement follow international convention , finally determine that the program control switch product of NE_company-0 , represent by the NE_company-1 , have win the bid .
this be also one of the most important order win by NE_country-0 's domestically manufacture program control switch product .
it be learn that the contract party already hold the signature ceremony yesterday at NE_city-0 's NE_hotel-0 .
all the equipment will be completely manufacture and install within this year .
( end )
NE_publication-0 , NE_city-0 , -CONST--0 -CONST--1
the report that be recently publish by the NE_organization-0 on " -CONST--0 's future and the NE_world-region-0 economy " under the NE_research-institute-0 of NE_country-0 's NE_government-organization-0 , say that the fast growth of NE_country-1 's economy will benefit the development of the NE_world-region-1 .
this report predict that by the year -CONST--0 , the proportion that NE_country-0 's economy account for in the world economy will rise from the -CONST--1 -CONST--2 ENT_percentage-entity-0 to -CONST--3 ENT_percentage-entity-1 or -CONST--4 ENT_percentage-entity-2 ; the proportion that NE_country-1 's export account for among total world export will expand from the current -CONST--5 ENT_percentage-entity-3 to -CONST--6 ENT_percentage-entity-4 .
the report say , NE_country-0 's rapid economic growth should not be view as a type of threat , but should be view as a positive ingredient help to promote an NE_world-region-0 fill with life and develop .
the report hope that the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 and society would be able to provide co @-@ operation in area such as NE_country-1 's interior development , environmental control and a full - fledged financial capital market , etc .
the report also point out , due to the technological development and the rise in productivity , the possibility that NE_country-0 will continue to maintain an economic growth rate of -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 to -CONST--1 ENT_percentage-entity-1 in the next -CONST--2 plus year , be very great .
( end )
accord to what have be report in the NE_country-0 " NE_magazine-0 , biologist in NE_city-0 have discover that a mold element in the cell of plant can not only control the propagation of plasmodium in mosquito , but can also kill mosquito .
this method will not pollute the environment .
biologist mix a mold element in the cell of plant with pearl powder to produce a granulate drug .
this kind of drug can slowly discharge the mold element from the cell of plant in water .
when mosquito fee , they suck the mold element from the cell of plant into their body .
experiment have show that adopt this method can reduce the chance of mosquito transmit malaria down to -CONST--0 @/@ -CONST--1 th to -CONST--2 @/@ -CONST--3 th of the original ratio .
( by NE_publication-0 )
the NE_country-0 prepare to withdraw soviet troop station in NE_country-1 start in -CONST--0 of this year and withdraw completely before the middle of -CONST--1 .
this be the suggestion put forward by -CONST--0 side in polish - soviet negotiation be hold in NE_city-0 concern issue of the NE_country-0 withdraw troop from NE_country-1 and russia 's troop go across the border .
currently , there be about -CONST--0 NE_country-0 troop station in NE_country-1 .
NE_publication-0 , NE_city-0 , -CONST--0 -CONST--1 th
accord to what have be show by a public opinion poll publish in NE_country-0 's " NE_publication-0 " today , -CONST--0 ENT_percentage-entity-0 of french people support immediately stop the NE_war-0 and start negotiation to try for the peaceful settlement of the NE_event-0 .
NE_publication-0 , NE_city-0 , -CONST--0 -CONST--1 th
the NE_country-0 NE_government-organization-0 admit on the -CONST--0 th that when the air force of the multi @-@ national force make air attack on NE_city-0 , the capital of NE_country-1 , they cause the death of -CONST--1 of civilian in -CONST--2 , but insist in believe that what the multi @-@ national force bomb be a military target .
NE_government-organization-0 spokesman NE_person-0 say that the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 consider this " really be a tragic outcome " .
but he condemn NE_person-0 , the president of NE_country-0 for place civilian within a military installation , and place them in a dangerous situation .
he say that the NE_country-0 believe that the target hit be a command and control center for the NE_country-1 army .
this installation " be coat and camouflage to avoid reconnaissance , but the evidence indicate that this be a military target . "
NE_publication-0 , NE_city-0 , -CONST--0 -CONST--1 th
paoen , the NE_company-0 's reporter station in NE_country-0 's capital , NE_city-0 , attest on the -CONST--0 th that no evidence have show that the air - raid shelter bomb in NE_city-1 by NE_country-1 bomber be an iraqi military bunker .
the speech give by NE_person-0 in the NE_publication-0 news disprove what the NE_country-0 official have claim that this air - raid shelter be a camouflaged military bunker .
NE_person-0 have go to the scene to gather news about the bomb air - raid shelter where around -CONST--0 civilian lose their life .
NE_publication-0 , NE_city-0 , -CONST--0 -CONST--1 th
accord to report from the " NE_newspaper-0 " of south africa , on the -CONST--0 th the NE_government-organization-0 of NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 make a large breakthrough in resolve the disagreement on both side on the issue of the NE_government-organization-1 stop arm conflict .
NE_person-0 , president of NE_country-0 , and NE_person-1 , vice @-@ chairman of the NE_government-organization-0 , after hold a meet last -CONST--0 hour on the -CONST--1 th in NE_city-0 , issue a joint statement declare that this problem have be resolve and both side have achieve agreement on most view regard this problem and have sign an agreement .
this agreement will be publish after receive approval from the NE_country-0 NE_government-organization-0 and the NE_government-organization-1 of the NE_government-organization-2 .
accord to what well - inform source reveal , the NE_government-organization-0 will stop the majority of military activity , include draft and arm cadre .
this large breakthrough have smooth the way for release prisoner of the state and allow people exile to foreign country to return home .
since the NE_city-0 NE_city-district-0 start an experimental region for economic structure reform in -CONST--0 , NE_province-0 's NE_city-1 have achieve very large improvement in infrastructure such as transportation , energy , telecommunications etc. , create condition for development of an outward economy .
the picture show the view of NE_city-0 's NE_city-district-0 .
photo take by NE_publication-0 reporter , NE_person-0 .
resolutely implement the guidelines of self - dependence , fight our way , and build country thriftily .
our country be a large develop socialist country , the stand point of economic construction must be place on the foundation of -CONST--0 own strength .
-- extract from the gazette of the -CONST--0 th NE_event-0 of the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 NE_organization-0 of the NE_political-party-0
on the invitation of prime minister NE_person-0 of NE_country-0 , premier NE_person-1 arrive in NE_country-1 on the afternoon of -CONST--0 -CONST--1 th , -CONST--2 to carry out a friendly official visit .
the picture show premier NE_person-0 visit NE_state-0
picture take by NE_publication-0 reporter NE_person-0
after NE_person-0 win the champion for the women platform dive , the coach of the NE_country-0 team congratulate her warmly .
photo take by NE_publication-0 reporter , NE_person-0 .
from the left in the upper picture : NE_person-0 , mayor of NE_city-0 , NE_person-1 and NE_person-2 , vice @-@ mayor of NE_city-1 , and NE_person-3 , and assistant commander of the NE_military-0 be voluntarily donate blood .
in the lower picture : the youth medical staff of NE_city-0 sanitation system be wait to donate blood .
taken by NE_person-0
the " NE_military-0 " of a certain unit in the NE_city-0 military region have actively organize new soldier to implement colorful cultural and recreational activity , make the soldier feel the warmth of the military camp .
the photo show NE_person-0 , the company commander , engage in recreational activity together with new soldier .
taken by NE_person-0 and NE_person-1 .
product of NE_company-0 of NE_county-0 , NE_province-0 , sell well in country and region such as the NE_country-0 , NE_country-1 , NE_country-2 , etc. , and supply fall short of demand .
the naturally colored carpet produce by this factory win the " NE_prize-0 " high quality prize award by NE_province-0 last year .
photo take by this newspaper 's reporter NE_person-0
NE_country-0 young pathfinder NE_person-0 win the dive champion of the women 's -CONST--0 - meter dive tower at the NE_game-0 .
photo take by NE_publication-0 reporter NE_person-0 ( telephotograph )
NE_publication-0 , NE_city-0 , -CONST--0 -CONST--1 st
on the invitation of president NE_person-0 of NE_country-0 , president NE_person-1 of the NE_country-1 and president NE_person-2 of NE_country-2 , president NE_person-3 will leave NE_city-0 tomorrow afternoon to begin official and state visit to the above country which will last for -CONST--0 day .
NE_person-0 's wife , NE_person-1 will visit with him .
a brief biography of president NE_person-0 and wife NE_person-1 be as follow :
president NE_person-0 be born in NE_city-0 in NE_province-0 in -CONST--0 , -CONST--1 .
in -CONST--0 , he join the student movement lead by an underground party , then join the NE_political-party-0 in -CONST--1 , -CONST--2 , and graduate in -CONST--3 from the department of electric engineer of NE_university-0 .
after the liberation of NE_city-0 , he serve successively as associate engineer , director of the NE_organization-0 and head of the workshop , secretary of the factory 's party branch , ENT_ordinal-entity-0 vice @-@ chief of the shanghai number NE_company-0 , ENT_ordinal-entity-1 vice @-@ chief of the NE_company-1 , and director of the NE_organization-1 of the NE_organization-2 .
in -CONST--0 , he go to NE_city-0 's NE_company-0 in the NE_country-0 for train .
after return home in -CONST--0 , he serve as vice @-@ director of the NE_organization-0 , vice @-@ chief dynamic engineer , and chief of the NE_company-0 of NE_city-0 's NE_company-1 .
in -CONST--0 , he transfer to NE_city-0 to serve as vice @-@ director of the NE_organization-0 of the NE_government-organization-0 , head of the NE_organization-1 of the NE_government-organization-1 , act party secretary , and vice @-@ director and director of the NE_government-organization-2 of the NE_government-organization-3 .
after -CONST--0 , he serve concurrently as vice @-@ director , secretary general , and party committee member of the NE_organization-0 , and the NE_organization-1 committee .
after -CONST--0 , he serve as ENT_ordinal-entity-0 vice @-@ minister , vice @-@ secretary of the NE_organization-0 , minister , and NE_organization-1 secretary general of the NE_government-organization-0 .
after -CONST--0 , he serve as the mayor of NE_city-0 , vice @-@ secretary and secretary of the NE_organization-0 of the NE_political-party-0 .
in -CONST--0 , -CONST--1 , at the -CONST--2 th NE_conference-0 of the NE_political-party-0 , he be elect to be a member of the NE_organization-0 .
in -CONST--0 , -CONST--1 , at the -CONST--2 th NE_event-0 of the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 NE_organization-0 of the NE_political-party-0 , he be elect to be a member of the NE_organization-1 .
in -CONST--0 , -CONST--1 , at the -CONST--2 th NE_event-0 of the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 NE_organization-0 of the NE_political-party-0 , he be elect to be a member of the NE_organization-1 , and general secretary of the NE_organization-2 .
in -CONST--0 , -CONST--1 , at the -CONST--2 th NE_event-0 of the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 NE_organization-0 of the NE_political-party-0 , he be elect to be chairman of the NE_government-organization-0 .
in -CONST--0 , -CONST--1 , at the -CONST--2 th NE_event-0 of the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 NE_organization-0 of the NE_political-party-0 , he be elect to be a member of the NE_organization-1 , general secretary of the central committee , and chairman of the NE_government-organization-0 .
he be a delegate to the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 NE_government-organization-0 .
in -CONST--0 , -CONST--1 , at the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 meet of the ENT_ordinal-entity-1 NE_government-organization-0 , he be elect to be the chairman of the NE_government-organization-1 NE_country-0 .
in -CONST--0 , -CONST--1 , at the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 meet of the ENT_ordinal-entity-1 NE_government-organization-0 , he be elect to be president NE_country-0 , and chairman of the NE_government-organization-1 .
NE_person-0 be born in NE_city-0 in -CONST--0 .
she study in NE_university-0 , and start work in -CONST--0 .
for a long time , she do science and technology management work at corporation and research agency of the NE_government-organization-0 .
she retire in -CONST--0 .
( end )
NE_publication-0 , NE_city-0 , -CONST--0 -CONST--1 st , by NE_person-0
NE_country-0 NE_government-organization-0 announce on the -CONST--0 st that the NE_country-1 would send a frigate , a supply ship and military train personnel to join the multi @-@ national force lead by the NE_country-2 for the invasion of NE_country-3 .
it be report that before this the -CONST--0 nation of the NE_organization-0 have already agree on the -CONST--1 th to send troop totaling -CONST--2 people to NE_country-0 to join the multi @-@ national force that have a total of about -CONST--3 people .
also , accord to report , NE_organization-0 secretary general NE_person-0 express on the -CONST--0 th that , the peace effort by the NE_organization-1 try to persuade the ENT_government-organization-0 to step down have already fail because military ruler of NE_country-0 have refuse to meet with his special envoy .
on the same day , vice @-@ minister of the NE_government-organization-0 NE_person-0 say that the multi @-@ national force would soon invade NE_country-0 , " this moment have already arrive " .
the NE_organization-0 make the decision at the end of -CONST--0 to adopt " all necessary measure " to regain the authority of NE_country-0 president NE_person-0 by the military .
( end )
NE_publication-0 , NE_city-0 , -CONST--0 -CONST--1 st , by NE_person-0
spanish foreign affair minister NE_person-0 reiterate on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 st that NE_country-0 oppose the NE_country-1 's blockade of NE_country-2 , and also do not agree with intervene in NE_country-3 .
at the same time , NE_person-0 express that , the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 be deeply concern over NE_country-1 's " dire situation of illegal immigrant " and would like to make necessary effort to facilitate talk between NE_government-organization-0 and NE_government-organization-1 to look for solution .
this minister say this at a press conference introduce the work and task of NE_country-0 take over the NE_organization-0 chair start on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 st .
he also announce that NE_country-0 have already accept a request from the NE_organization-0 , and prepare to send an air transport and -CONST--0 soldier to NE_country-1 within the next few day to participate directly in NE_organization-1 peacekeeping military operation .
( end )
NE_publication-0 , NE_city-0 , -CONST--0 -CONST--1 st , by NE_person-0
the spokesman for the german ENT_government-organization-0 NE_person-0 express on the -CONST--0 st that , NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 be prepare to strengthen international anti @-@ smuggle activity of nuclear material , and also propose to strengthen communication of information in this area by intelligence department from both country .
NE_person-0 say , NE_country-0 chancellor NE_person-1 and NE_country-1 president NE_person-2 hope " to smoothly investigate the smuggle of nuclear material that have already be discover , and stop new smuggle activity of nuclear material in time " .
NE_person-0 and NE_person-1 also discuss the issue of NE_country-0 after attend the ceremony for the withdrawal of the last group of NE_country-1 troop from NE_country-2 .
both side express hope to " peacefully resolve the NE_country-0 issue " on the basis of a peace plan .
both side also plan to further strengthen co @-@ operation between both country in policy area of foreign affair and security , and strengthen joint military exercise between the -CONST--0 country within the scope of co @-@ operation between NE_country-0 and NE_military-0 .
( end )
NE_publication-0 , NE_city-0 , -CONST--0 -CONST--1 rd
accord to a " NE_newspaper-0 " report , the ' 94 ENT_temporal-quantity-0 budget plan work conference for department under the NE_political-party-0 be recently convene here .
the meet request that department under the NE_political-party-0 calculate -CONST--0 fund meticulously , manage strictly , spend accord to income , and take the lead in live an austere life to ensure that this year 's budget task be satisfactorily complete .
NE_person-0 , vice @-@ director of the NE_organization-0 of the NE_organization-1 of the NE_political-party-0 , emphasize that this year 's national financial situation should be properly recognize , and that the department under the NE_political-party-1 should take into account the interest of the whole nation , bear the state 's financial difficulty , adjust expenditure structure , scientifically and reasonably plan expenditure , and make contribution to ensure the smooth completion of the nation 's budget .
department under the central commitee should take the lead in respond to the call of the NE_organization-0 of the NE_political-party-0 and the NE_government-organization-0 , consider the overall situation of guarantee the central task of economic construction , strengthen budget management and do the financial management work well
( end )
NE_publication-0 , NE_city-0 , -CONST--0 -CONST--1 st , by NE_person-0
due to the report failure of all effort of the heavy - duty transport NE_spaceship-0 " , which be deliver cargo to " NE_station-0 " , to dock with the orbital station , the food on the " NE_station-1 " orbital station , which lack supply , be only enough for the -CONST--0 NE_country-0 astronaut work on the orbital station to last for -CONST--1 day before the routine scientific research work of the astronaut would be affect .
the NE_organization-0 report that the heavy - duty transport NE_spaceship-0 " be send into outer space from the NE_site-0 spaceship launch site on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 .
carry aboard be -CONST--0 kilogram of such article as food , water , fuel , scientific instrument , etc .
by design , the heavy - duty NE_spaceship-0 " , in unman operate mode , can perform automate dock with the orbital station .
but on the -CONST--0 th , the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 attempt of the spaceship to dock with the orbital station fail .
on the -CONST--0 th , the spaceship attempt to dock with the orbital station again , and the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 dock fail again .
today , the NE_organization-0 of NE_organization-1 hold a meet to analyze the reason for the -CONST--0 fail dockings and decide to perform a -CONST--1 dock attempt on -CONST--2 -CONST--3 nd .
this time will employ manual control method by the astronaut work in the orbital station to achieve dock from the orbital station .
this will be the last chance for this cargo spaceship to dock with the orbital station because the fuel on the spaceship be already very limit .
if it fail , a new cargo spaceship must be launch to transport cargo to the orbital station .
also , the NE_publication-0 report that the NE_organization-0 of the NE_organization-1 will -CONST--0 convene a meet today to research countermeasure .
NE_person-0 , chairman of this committee and commander of NE_organization-0 , say that the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 dock will be complete successfully because space expert on the ground have put out all effort for this .
NE_person-0 , vice @-@ bureau chief of NE_organization-0 also point out that all work be currently be carry out normally .
he deny the statement that the food reserve on the orbital station be only enough to last -CONST--0 day .
he say that the food on the " NE_station-0 " orbital station could still meet need for -CONST--0 day .
moreover , even if the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 dock fail , a new cargo spaceship can still be launch to transport material .
( end )
NE_publication-0 , NE_city-0 , -CONST--0 -CONST--1 st , by NE_person-0
french foreign minister NE_person-0 reiterate at a meet hold in NE_city-0 on the -CONST--0 st for NE_country-0 diplomatic envoy that , NE_country-1 support the resolution of the NE_organization-0 regard the haitian issue , but have no intention to participate in potential military intervention perform in NE_country-2 .
the NE_organization-0 pass NE_law-0 on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 st , effectively authorize the NE_country-0 to lead a multi @-@ national force to implement military intervention in NE_country-1 , and to recover the legal ENT_government-organization-0 overthrown by a military coup in -CONST--2 .
NE_person-0 say , " we should let the puppet ENT_government-organization-0 of NE_country-0 leave , let those military personnel who violate the basic principle of democracy and bring suffering to the people of NE_country-1 leave " .
but he emphasize , NE_country-0 would not participate in military intervention in NE_country-1 , but would only prepare to participate in the following work of train haitian police .
( end )
NE_publication-0 , NE_city-0 , -CONST--0 -CONST--1 st , by NE_person-0
a NE_country-0 left - wing group and -CONST--0 other mass organization issue a joint communique on -CONST--1 -CONST--2 st , strongly denounce the various measure adopt by the NE_country-1 to strengthen its blockade against NE_country-2 .
the communique point out that the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 's " adopt these measure , the purpose of which be to create an atmosphere of anxiety within ( NE_country-1 ) so as to further aggravate opposition among the people and to provide an excuse for foreign intervention and military occupation of this island . "
the communique hold that method such as forbid overseas cubans reside in NE_country-0 from remit money and mail article to their family in NE_country-1 , and send cuban stowaway detain on the high sea to the NE_base-0 naval base , etc. be to put pressure on the cuban ENT_government-organization-0 and attempt to damage and postpone NE_country-2 's economic recovery process .
the communique also point out that the establishment of " refugee camp " at NE_facility-0 by the NE_country-0 violate international agreement on the use of military base .
the communique request that the NE_country-0 respect the territorial integrity of NE_country-1 , return the NE_base-0 military base to NE_country-2 , and immediately stop the blockade .
it also request that NE_country-0 and the NE_country-1 implement " full negotiation " .
( end )
NE_publication-0 , NE_city-0 , -CONST--0 -CONST--1 st , by NE_person-0 and correspondent NE_person-1
accord to news from the NE_organization-0 of NE_city-0 be make every effort to rush to repair the water work damage by NE_natural-disaster-0 .
up to -CONST--0 -CONST--1 th , the city ENT_temporal-quantity-0 send -CONST--2 laborers , totally send -CONST--3 worker , and have complete -CONST--4 cubic meter of earth and stone .
the direct hit by NE_natural-disaster-0 damage -CONST--0 kilometers of the dike in NE_city-0 , of which , up to -CONST--1 kilometers be completely wash away .
while the big tide on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 rd and -CONST--2 -CONST--3 th of the lunar calendar approach again before your eye , new typhoon and rain storm may come at any time , make one worry about the danger .
the people of NE_city-0 be now urgently take action , deal with the emergency , rebuild the dike and protect their home .
in the whole city , water damage project that have start emergency repair now reach -CONST--0 and a large number of emergency repair material such as straw bag , woven bag , etc. have also be transport continuously from various place in NE_province-0 .
it be estimate that before the high tide on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 rd of the lunar calendar , the vast majority of the city 's water damage dike can hopefully , use earth build method , receive emergency repair .
it be report that the NE_city-0 ENT_government-organization-0 have already draw up a plan , and this winter and next spring in the entire city will start an upsurge of construction of water conservation project on an even larger scale .
( end )
NE_publication-0 , NE_city-0 , -CONST--0 -CONST--1 st
for more than -CONST--0 year , NE_person-0 , director of the NE_research-institute-0 of NE_city-0 , devoted himself to the development of a preparation of pure NE_country-0 NE_medicine-0 - which have relieve pain for -CONST--1 of sufferer .
liver disease result from virus infection , and liver protection treatment currently adopt be generally not ideal , while the expensive interferon be difficult to bear for the majority of sufferer .
face with the reality of this medical treatment , in recent year NE_person-0 and his research institute decide to seek out a scientific , effective prescription from the treasure chest of NE_country-0 medicine .
after many year of research and through repeat experimentation , the " NE_medicine-0 " be finally develop .
clinical trial show that this medicine without exception have better effectiveness on various liver disease .
NE_publication-0 , NE_city-0 , -CONST--0 -CONST--1 st , by NE_person-0
president of -CONST--0 NE_sea-0 country issue a joint statement on -CONST--1 -CONST--2 st , point out that NE_country-0 's withdrawal of troop from the 3 baltic sea country would " strengthen NE_continent-0 security " .
the statement emphasize that NE_country-0 's complete its troop withdrawal should promote the development of relation between russian and NE_sea-0 country .
this joint statement be issue on the occasion of NE_country-0 entirely complete its troop withdrawal from the -CONST--0 NE_sea-0 country .
russian troop station in NE_country-0 have withdraw to NE_country-1 -CONST--0 year earlier .
on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 st of -CONST--2 , NE_country-0 troop station in NE_country-1 withdrew completely and NE_country-2 troop station in NE_country-3 also complete withdrawal on -CONST--3 -CONST--4 th of this year .
in an interview with NE_publication-0 on the -CONST--0 st , NE_person-0 , vice @-@ minister of NE_country-0 's NE_government-organization-0 , point out that , although russia have withdraw its troop from the baltic sea country , if the NE_sea-0 country infringe upon the right of local NE_language-0 - speak resident , the NE_language-1 ENT_government-organization-0 still have measure for exert influence over these country , which include political , economical and humanitarian measure .
( end )
NE_publication-0 , NE_city-0 , -CONST--0 -CONST--1 rd
NE_country-0 president NE_person-0 end a -CONST--0 - day state visit to NE_country-1 this morning and leave NE_city-0 to return home .
the head of the chinese ENT_government-organization-0 's accompany delegation , judiciary minister NE_person-0 , the chinese ambassador in NE_country-0 , NE_person-1 , vice @-@ foreign affair minister , NE_person-2 , the egyptian ambassador in NE_country-1 , NE_person-3 and other diplomat of NE_world-region-0 and NE_continent-0 country in NE_country-2 go to the airport to send them off .
( end )
NE_publication-0 , NE_city-0 , -CONST--0 -CONST--1 rd , by NE_person-0
" the -CONST--0 session of the NE_conference-0 " which will bring together NE_country-0 physicist from all over the world will be hold at NE_university-0 from -CONST--1 -CONST--2 th to -CONST--3 th , -CONST--4 .
this be learn by this reporter from the recently end preparatory work meet of the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 session of NE_conference-0 .
this large scale and high level international convention will be jointly hold by the NE_research-institute-0 , NE_university-0 , the NE_research-institute-1 , the NE_research-institute-2 , NE_country-0 , the NE_research-institute-3 , the NE_organization-0 and the NE_organization-1 .
the academic content of this meet will be : elementary particle and astrophysics , coacervation physic , new material , apply physic , nuclear physic and synchronize radiation technology , etc .
at the preparatory meet , a meet organization committee be also form , make up of -CONST--0 member : NE_person-0 , NE_person-1 , NE_person-2 , NE_person-3 , NE_person-4 , NE_person-5 , NE_person-6 , NE_person-7 , NE_person-8 , NE_person-9 , etc .
( end )
NE_publication-0 , NE_city-0 , -CONST--0 -CONST--1 st , by NE_person-0
the NE_military-0 declare today that the organization will completely stop all military activity and implement an " unconditional and without time limit " cease fire from midnight tonight .
the NE_military-0 say in a statement issue to the NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 news media that consider the current situation and in order to promote the NE_country-2 peace process , this organization have make the above decision and have inform all the troop under it of this decision .
the statement request that the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 give serious thought to the responsibility ENT_government-organization-1 have take upon itself , and urge all relevant party to face the new situation brought about by this cease - fire with determination and patience , and hold extensive negotiation with NE_country-1 and irish ENT_government-organization-2 and various major party of northern NE_country-2 participate so as to finally resolve the northern NE_country-3 conflict .
the statement say that the cease - fire declare by NE_military-0 provide an opportunity for the " just and permanent resolution " of the NE_country-0 problem .
however , NE_military-0 also reiterate that it will still adhere to its " republican objective " , that be , the unification of the entire NE_island-0 .
to realize the unification of NE_country-0 and the NE_country-1 , the NE_military-0 have carry out violent activity in northern ireland for as long as -CONST--0 year .
( end )
NE_publication-0 , NE_city-0 , -CONST--0 -CONST--1 rd , by NE_person-0
recently , relate expert and scholar discover a large quantity of dinosaur bone fossil in NE_city-0 , NE_county-0 of NE_province-0 .
this be another big discovery come after an abundance of precious dinosaur egg fossil be discover here at the begin of last year .
this reporter have learn from the NE_research-institute-0 that at the begin of -CONST--0 of this year , relate expert discover several -CONST--1 dinosaur bone fossil , include rib , phalanges , etc. , between -CONST--2 river gravel layer at such place as NE_location-0 , NE_city-0 , NE_county-0 , etc .
because of long - term exposure at the ground 's surface , some be already break .
from the view of stratigraphy , they all belong to the NE_period-0 .
accord to expert ' judgment , a large quantity of dinosaur fossil and other species ' fossil be still bury within the dinosaur fossil group distribution area .
they believe that the discovery of a large quantity of valuable dinosaur egg fossil in the NE_local-region-0 be an international rarity , and egg fossil and bone fossil exist in one place be even rarer .
this find be of great important significance for study dinosaur classification in the NE_county-0 area , probe into dinosaur zoology and breed habit , restore the zoology and ecology of the dinosaur era and reveal law about the earth 's surface change and the earth 's environment evolve .
the discovery of the dinosaur bone fossil also provide important clue about the region and burial pattern for further search for dinosaur fossil .
( end )
NE_publication-0 , NE_city-0 , -CONST--0 -CONST--1 st , by NE_person-0
the -CONST--0 th meet of the NE_government-organization-0 of the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 NE_government-organization-1 that close today pass the " NE_law-0 " and " NE_law-1 " .
accord to report , the draft of the " NE_law-0 " will guarantee justly and timely arbitrate economic dispute and protect legal right of involve party , and as a result will ensure the healthy development of the socialist market economy .
the law consists of -CONST--0 chapter and -CONST--1 item , provide clear regulation of issue in area such as arbitration organization and institution , the draft and execution of arbitration agreement , the arbitration process , arbitration concern foreigner , etc .
this law will be implement on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 st , -CONST--2 .
the summary of the " NE_law-0 " emphasize that the aim of make this law be to strengthen national audit supervision , to maintain the nation 's financial and economic order , to promote the construction of honest administration , and to ensure healthy development of the national economy .
" NE_law-0 " have strengthen the audit supervision role of the audit office in financial revenue and expenditure , and budget implementation at various level of ENT_government-organization-0 , and have also grant the authority to the audit office to stop unlawful act of organization be audit .
the " NE_law-0 " consists of -CONST--0 chapter and -CONST--1 item , and will be implement on -CONST--2 st , -CONST--3 .
the meet pass the " decision regard motion raise by -CONST--0 NE_government-organization-0 representative such as NE_person-0 , etc. " , and legally confirm that when it regain administrative sovereignty over hong kong on -CONST--1 -CONST--2 , -CONST--3 , NE_country-0 will re @-@ organize the legislative institution and regional organization of the NE_country-region-0 .
the meet , chair by committee chairman NE_person-0 , pass the approval of an agreement for civil and legal assistance between NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 and a treaty for friendly co @-@ operation relation between NE_country-2 and NE_country-3 .
the meet also pass the representative qualification examination report regard elect or by - elect NE_government-organization-0 representative , and by - elect -CONST--0 npc representative .
the meet drop the NE_government-organization-0 representative qualification of NE_person-0 , former mayor of NE_city-0 in NE_province-0 .
he violate criminal law in -CONST--0 car smuggle case , constitute smuggle .
the meet lastly pass a series of appointment and disqualification list .
( end )
NE_publication-0 , NE_city-0 , -CONST--0 -CONST--1 st , by NE_person-0
the NE_government-organization-0 of the NE_government-organization-1 , which be the highest legislative body of NE_country-0 , pass a resolution today that when sovereignty over NE_city-0 be regain in -CONST--0 , NE_country-1 will re @-@ organize NE_city-1 's legislative body and regional organization .
the -CONST--0 member attend the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 meet of the ENT_ordinal-entity-1 NE_government-organization-0 , which close today , pass this resolution with all affirmative vote .
the resolution stipulate that the NE_government-organization-0 , in accordance with the resolution of the NE_government-organization-1 regard establishment method of the hong kong special administrative region 's ENT_ordinal-entity-0 - term ENT_government-organization-0 and its legislative assembly , will be responsible for matter relate to prepare the special administrative region , and stipulate method for the establishment of its ENT_ordinal-entity-1 legislative assembly , and organize and establish the ENT_ordinal-entity-2 legislative assembly of the NE_country-region-0 .
the resolution state that , the authority and formative method of the NE_country-region-0 's regional organization , accord to the " NE_law-0 " , will be stipulate by the law of the NE_country-region-1 .
the meet think that the last term of the NE_government-organization-0 , the NE_government-organization-1 and the NE_government-organization-2 , and the NE_government-organization-3 will terminate on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 th , -CONST--2 .
the election arrangement unilaterally decide by the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 regard the last term of the NE_government-organization-0 , of the NE_government-organization-1 and the NE_government-organization-2 , and of the NE_government-organization-3 violate the sino - NE_country-1 joint statement and be not in accord with the " people 's republic of NE_country-2 NE_law-0 " and the " NE_law-1 regard method of establishment for the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 - term ENT_government-organization-1 and legislative assembly of the NE_country-region-0 " .
-CONST--0 resolution 's motion be bring up by -CONST--1 deputy of the NE_government-organization-0 such as the NE_government-organization-1 people 's congress , NE_person-0 , etc. in -CONST--2 of this year
( end )
NE_publication-0 , NE_city-0 , -CONST--0 -CONST--1 st , by NE_person-0
key national laboratory , since be establish -CONST--0 year ago , have now become important base for basic research in NE_country-0 .
their advance apparatus and equipment , highly level scientific and technical staff and comprehensive dominance in scientific research have make important contribution to the promotion of construction of national key project and the development of academic discipline .
the establishment of key national laboratory , persist in the principle of choose the best to fit the need , be equip a number of top - rank domestic laboratory able to participate in competition at international forefronts to become basic research " national team " able to represent the nation 's equipment level , research level , academic level and management level .
after many year ' of construction , key national laboratory have establish a number of experimental research base for basic research , involve not only the basic research field and emerge science and technology field , but also in engineer project closely relate to national economic development .
for instance , key national laboratory in such area as surface physic , superconductors , molecular biology , biotechnology , information system , intelligence technology , geochemistry , material science , etc. , have actually become important experimental research centers of NE_country-0 in these field .
in the past -CONST--0 year , key national laboratory , in various way , have also take on a large ENT_temporal-quantity-0 of national natural science fund project , national climb program project , national science and technology brainstorming project , " NE_program-0 project , institutional co @-@ operation project , society entrust project , etc. , and have solve a series of significant problem of science and technology in national economic construction .
after the establishment and construction of key national laboratory , problem have international level that be select by utilize various comprehensive advantage have greatly promote the establishment of relevant discipline in NE_country-0 .
-CONST--0 NE_book-0 " written by NE_person-0 , academician of the NE_research-institute-0 , be regard internationally as a theoretical masterpiece in atmospheric science and have enrich and perfect theory on atmospheric science .
but the NE_research-institute-0 have also play an active role in promote the intersection and merge of physic with other discipline area , and in expand and reform traditional physic research .
( end )
NE_publication-0 , NE_city-0 , -CONST--0 -CONST--1 rd
in his interview with the reporter from the NE_country-0 " NE_magazine-0 , NE_country-1 president NE_person-0 , warn the NE_world-region-0 not to air strike NE_country-2 position in NE_country-3 .
he hold that this would only cause the situation to deteriorate further .
accord to the NE_publication-0 's report on the -CONST--0 rd , the " NE_magazine-0 that will be publish on the -CONST--1 th will carry the related speech of NE_person-0 .
NE_person-0 say that a better solution than the use of violence be to pacify the situation and to achieve an agreement through diplomatic approach .
in his speech , NE_person-0 advocate that NE_country-0 troop should participate more in un peacekeeping mission , and that NE_country-1 troop participate in the NE_organization-0 peacekeeping force and station in the NE_world-region-0 deserve welcome .
( end )
NE_publication-0 , NE_city-0 , -CONST--0 -CONST--1 st , by NE_person-0 and NE_person-1
last a period of -CONST--0 day , the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 NE_event-0 be hold in NE_city-0 today .
more than -CONST--0 publish house from -CONST--1 country and region participate .
accord to presentation by the fair organization committee , the exhibit scale of this fair be the largest in history , with a total of -CONST--0 kind of book exhibit , -CONST--1 kind be original edition foreign book have content relate to numerous subject such as science and technology , economy , culture , education , social development , etc .
in order to strengthen exchange with publish circle from various country and to promote international copyright trade , this fair have also establish a -CONST--0 project , appoint specialize staff to provide various kind of smooth condition for copyright trade .
many world renowned publish company from country like the NE_country-0 , NE_country-1 , NE_country-2 , NE_country-3 , NE_country-4 , NE_country-5 , NE_country-6 , etc. , and the region of NE_country-7 , NE_city-0 and NE_city-1 have attend this fair , for example , the NE_country-8 's NE_company-0 , NE_company-1 , and NE_company-2 , etc .
concern people say that the major publish company , book dealer and publish association from country and region all over the world participate in this fair reflect the importance put on NE_country-0 's book market by overseas book publisher and distributor .
NE_person-0 , vice @-@ chairman of NE_organization-0 , say today at the fair 's open ceremony that with NE_country-0 's economic prosperity and rapid technological progress , people 's live standard continuously improve and purchase capability continuously strengthen , NE_country-1 's book import market have great potential .
NE_person-0 from the NE_country-0 's NE_company-0 say that NE_country-1 publisher hope to further develop business with NE_country-2 publisher on the basis of mutually respect copyright .
the NE_event-0 be approve by the NE_government-organization-0 in -CONST--0 and organize by NE_company-0 and be hold once every -CONST--1 year .
( end )
NE_publication-0 , NE_city-0 , -CONST--0 -CONST--1 rd , by NE_person-0 and NE_person-1
today , staff here reveal that various cambodian party concern have already agree to participate in the round - table meet on racial peace and national reconciliation in NE_country-0 which king NE_person-0 propose to convene .
this morning , NE_person-0 , ENT_ordinal-entity-0 prime minister and NE_person-1 , ENT_ordinal-entity-1 prime minister of the NE_country-0 , meet in the NE_location-0 with NE_person-2 , recently post NE_organization-0 secretary general representative to NE_country-1 .
after the meet , both NE_person-0 and the spokesman to the NE_government-organization-0 say to reporter that NE_person-1 , chairman of the NE_political-party-0 and NE_government-organization-1 president , NE_person-2 , chairman of the NE_political-party-1 and ENT_ordinal-entity-0 prime minister of the ENT_government-organization-0 of the NE_country-0 , NE_person-3 , -CONST--0 prime minister , and NE_person-4 , chairman of the NE_political-party-2 , unanimously agree to participate in the round - table meet schedule for -CONST--1 -CONST--2 nd to -CONST--3 th in NE_city-0 .
NE_person-0 make this proposal in a statement issue yesterday .
accord to presentation , during the meet , both side discuss issue such as NE_country-0 's politics , economy , security , etc .
the -CONST--0 cambodian prime minister request that the NE_organization-0 secretary general extend the stay of his representative in NE_country-0 by -CONST--1 month or more .
NE_person-0 express that he will convey this suggestion to the NE_organization-0 secretary general .
( end )
NE_publication-0 , NE_city-0 , -CONST--0 -CONST--1 rd
a sino - NE_country-0 foreign affair and military expert group hold a ENT_ordinal-entity-0 meet in NE_city-0 from -CONST--0 -CONST--1 st to the -CONST--2 rd .
both party continue to carry out consultation on carry out and implement agreement reach by both country ' ENT_government-organization-0 last year that maintain peace and harmony in the actual border control line district , and sign the " NE_thing-0 " .
both party agree in principle that the next meet would be hold around the end of -CONST--0 in NE_city-0 .
on the -CONST--0 nd vice @-@ minister of foreign affair NE_person-0 meet the head of the NE_country-0 expert group , and the director of the NE_government-organization-0 NE_person-1 and his delegation .
( end )
NE_publication-0 , NE_city-0 , -CONST--0 -CONST--1 rd
NE_country-0 's NE_government-organization-0 spokesperson express condolence over the death of former NE_country-1 president NE_person-0 on the night of the -CONST--0 nd .
in response to query from reporter , this spokesperson say , during the period when former NE_country-0 president NE_person-0 be ill , NE_country-1 leader have relay consolation through the NE_country-2 ambassador station in the NE_country-3 .
we express our deepest condolence over his death .
key national leader of NE_country-0 have already send telegram of condolence .
( end )
NE_publication-0 , NE_city-0 ( NE_country-0 ) , -CONST--0 -CONST--1 rd , by NE_person-0
NE_country-0 NE_government-organization-0 delegation lead by vice @-@ chief committee member NE_person-0 end a -CONST--0 - day visit to NE_country-1 , and leave here this even for the capitol of NE_country-2 , NE_city-0 .
while in NE_country-0 , NE_person-0 meet respectively with the speaker of NE_country-1 's NE_government-organization-0 , prime minister NE_person-1 and other senior ENT_government-organization-0 official .
he also make broad contact with friend from NE_country-0 industry and business circle , NE_country-1 and overseas NE_country-2 .
both party express the desire to further strengthen co @-@ operation in economic area .
other than NE_country-0 , the delegation from NE_country-1 NE_government-organization-0 will also visit NE_country-2 and NE_country-3 .
( end )
NE_publication-0 , NE_city-0 , -CONST--0 -CONST--1 st , by NE_person-0
professor NE_person-0 whose famous NE_canvas-0 " cause a sensation in the art world , recently in NE_city-0 make public a yuhua stone he have discover - " NE_stone-0 " .
the appearance and size of this yuhua stone be quite similar to an auspicious folk object , a longevity locket .
in the very middle of the yuhua stone be a clear image of the territory NE_country-0 .
the image , with its two end tower , a sunken middle section , and the lower right part protrude , look like a rooster crane and crow with its neck stretch and chest thrown out ; on the side of the " rooster 's " belly be the long and narrow " NE_island-0 " , which be separate by " strait " ; under the claw of the " rooster " be the NE_island-1 " .
the color and luster of the -CONST--0 " island " be completely the same as the " mainland " .
the whole image be almost the same as the map of NE_country-0 .
professor NE_person-0 say that he pick up the stone on the road to a yuhua stone process plant in a suburb of NE_city-0 -CONST--0 year ago , and after he return home he carefully inspect the stone and discover the " territory of NE_country-0 " on it .
at the same time he also discover that entrench above the mainland territory and along the frontier line of the northeast , the north , and the northwest of NE_country-0 be a huge dragon with a bright pearl in its mouth ; above this huge dragon , there be a golden facula in the shape of a gold dollar ; in the middle of the mainland territory , there be a string of torch - shape stripe symbolize the eternal flame of life of the NE_country-1 nation ; add in its resemblance to a longevity locket , altogether this stone have -CONST--0 special feature .
accord to this , NE_person-0 name this -CONST--0 " -CONST--1 stone -CONST--2 -CONST--3 -CONST--4 -CONST--5 -CONST--6 -CONST--7 -CONST--8 -CONST--9 " .
( end )
NE_publication-0 , NE_city-0 , -CONST--0 -CONST--1 rd , by NE_person-0
-CONST--0 country , namely NE_country-0 , NE_country-1 , NE_country-2 , NE_country-3 , NE_country-4 and NE_country-5 , will further strengthen co @-@ operation in such area as transportation , energy , trade and investment , environmental protection , tourism and human resource development , etc .
this be the common understand held by representative of the -CONST--0 aforementioned country at the NE_organization-0 's ENT_ordinal-entity-0 secondary region economic co @-@ operation meet , which close today .
this meet also decide that transportation be content that be focal to secondary region co @-@ operation .
the two highway from NE_city-0 to NE_city-1 , NE_country-0 and NE_city-2 to NE_city-3 , NE_country-1 , and the two railroad from NE_province-0 to NE_country-2 , and from NE_province-1 to NE_country-3 be list as the project take ENT_ordinal-entity-0 priority in be develop .
this meet be organize by the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 and NE_organization-0 .
the meet be chair by ENT_government-organization-0 delegation of the -CONST--0 aforementioned country and representative of some international organization and institute .
in -CONST--0 , the NE_organization-0 first propose various aspect of economic co @-@ operation within the secondary region form by NE_country-0 ( NE_province-0 ) , NE_country-1 , NE_country-2 , NE_country-3 , NE_country-4 and NE_country-5 , and also decide a number of co @-@ operation and development project of regional significance .
the ENT_ordinal-entity-0 and ENT_ordinal-entity-1 NE_organization-0 's secondary region economic co @-@ operation meeting be hold in NE_city-0 in -CONST--0 , -CONST--1 and in -CONST--2 , -CONST--3 .
( end )
NE_publication-0 , NE_city-0 , -CONST--0 -CONST--1 st , by NE_person-0
at a press conference hold here today , NE_person-0 , chairman of the NE_organization-0 , appeal to the international community to further assist NE_country-0 to recover and develop its economy .
NE_person-0 emphasize that help NE_country-0 to recover production and construction be the international community 's current responsibility .
he appeal to country participate in the " NE_event-0 in NE_city-0 in -CONST--0 of this year to extend economic aid to NE_country-0 .
at the " NE_event-0 in -CONST--0 of last year , NE_country-0 totally receive aid of -CONST--1 NE_country-1 dollar from such country as NE_country-2 , NE_country-3 , NE_country-4 , NE_country-5 , etc .
NE_person-0 also express that the NE_organization-0 will strengthen its assistance program to NE_country-0 .
currently , the NE_organization-0 alone have implement nearly -CONST--0 large and small development project in NE_country-0 , with a worth of over -CONST--1 NE_country-1 dollar .
NE_person-0 arrive in NE_city-0 on the -CONST--0 th for a -CONST--1 - day visit on the invitation of NE_person-1 , foreign minister of NE_country-0 .
( end )
NE_publication-0 , NE_city-0 , -CONST--0 -CONST--1 st , by NE_person-0
today , the " NE_newspaper-0 " quote the word of NE_person-0 , director of the administrative office of the NE_government-organization-0 who be now visit the NE_country-0 as say that the NE_organization-0 have decide to provide -CONST--0 NE_country-1 dollar of aid to NE_government-organization-1 before the end of -CONST--1 .
this decision broke the impasse between donor country and NE_government-organization-0 that have last for nearly -CONST--0 year .
at the international meet on aid NE_country-0 autonomy which be hold in NE_city-0 on -CONST--0 ENT_ordinal-entity-0 of last year , donor country pledge to provide -CONST--1 NE_country-1 dollar of development aid within -CONST--2 year , of which -CONST--3 NE_country-2 dollar would be appropriate in the -CONST--4 year .
but donor country claim that the NE_country-0 autonomous region lack necessary mechanism for handle the aid and account item and therefore refuse to completely fulfill this promise .
NE_person-0 say that although the NE_country-0 and the NE_organization-0 be currently not completely satisfy with NE_country-1 account work , they have still agree to pay a portion of the fund as soon as possible .
NE_person-0 , chairman of the NE_organization-0 of the NE_organization-1 , and other NE_country-0 leader have be criticize the donor country for not be able to keep their promise to make sure the money aid be completely in place and on time .
it be predict that NE_person-0 , the NE_organization-0 's chief negotiation NE_person-1 , and rosechird , NE_country-0 's chief negotiation NE_person-2 , will go to NE_city-0 to specifically negotiate and determine the aid issue with the NE_country-1 and the NE_organization-1 .
( end )
NE_publication-0 , NE_city-0 , -CONST--0 -CONST--1 st , by NE_person-0
in order to strengthen cultural exchange and contact between the descendents of the emperor at home and abroad , NE_country-0 will hold the " NE_festival-0 " in NE_city-0 and NE_city-1 simultaneously from the -CONST--0 th to the -CONST--1 th of -CONST--2 this year .
this will be a grand art meet jointly hold by the people 's ENT_government-organization-0 , ENT_government-organization-1 cultural department and enterprise .
its aim be to use NE_country-0 national traditional culture as a link to associate and unite compatriot at home and abroad , to spread national culture , to display the charm of the superior art of the motherland and display the achievement and elegant demeanor of overseas NE_country-1 artist in art realm and international cultural exchange .
the art festival mainly include a grand open ceremony and closing ceremony , large scale theatrical performance with various characteristic , and painting and photographic exhibition .
accord to presentation , the art festival to open at the NE_facility-0 on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 th will focus on display the most widely circulate NE_country-0 artistic extract of the -CONST--2 th century .
start from -CONST--0 -CONST--1 th , every night , at either NE_building-0 or the NE_sports-facility-0 , a high level program will be stage , and programs such as ballet , stand - up comedy , highlight from NE_city-0 opera and overseas NE_country-0 artist and artistic troupe , etc. will be separately perform .
during the art festival , a competition for the award of traditional paint and copy , an exhibition of work , and an international " NE_exhibit-01-0 of photographic art of overseas NE_country-0 and NE_country-1 will be hold in NE_city-0 .
this art festival be jointly hold by work unit such as the NE_organization-0 , the NE_government-organization-0 , NE_publication-0 , the NE_government-organization-1 , the NE_organization-1 , etc .
( end )
NE_publication-0 , NE_city-0 , -CONST--0 -CONST--1 rd
NE_person-0 , president NE_country-0 , and NE_person-1 , premier of the NE_government-organization-0 , send a telegraph of condolence on the -CONST--0 rd on the pass of former NE_country-1 president , NE_person-2 .
the full telegraphic text be as follow :
shock by the unfortunate pass of NE_person-0 due to illness , we hereby express heartfelt condolence .
NE_politician-0 possess strategic foresight and political courage .
during his tenure as NE_country-0 president , he open up the door of sino - american relation together with the late chairman NE_person-0 and premier NE_person-1 , create a new phase in the two NE_country-1 ' relation .
after resign , NE_person-0 continue to be concern about sino - NE_country-0 relation , and have make important contribution to the maintenance and development of the two country ' relation .
we deeply believe that with the mutual effort of both NE_country-0 and the NE_country-1 relation which NE_person-0 be very concern with during his lifetime will definitely see further improvement and development .
we express our sincere solicitude for the family member of NE_person-0 .
( end )
NE_publication-0 , NE_city-0 , -CONST--0 -CONST--1 st
the chinese ENT_government-organization-0 and the NE_country-0 government sign an agreement today , wherein the NE_country-1 party would provide NE_country-2 with a preferential financial loan of -CONST--0 NE_country-3 dollar .
accord to the agreement , this loan will be mainly use in infrastructure project such as telecommunications , municipal water supply and sewage treatment , etc .
last for -CONST--0 day , the ' 94 NE_meet-03-0 between the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 and the NE_country-1 government conclude today in NE_city-0 .
the NE_country-0 delegation with NE_person-0 , assistant minister of the NE_government-organization-0 , as the delegation leader , and the NE_country-1 delegation with NE_person-1 , director general of NE_government-organization-1 as the delegation leader , chair the meet .
after the talk be over , the -CONST--0 party sign the summary of the talk .
at the same time , the NE_country-0 side will provide NE_country-1 with a technical cooperation grant of -CONST--0 australian dollar , which will be mainly use in project such as personnel train , support the poor , medical treatment , sanitation , etc .
( end )
NE_publication-0 , NE_city-0 , -CONST--0 -CONST--1 st
this afternoon at the NE_building-0 , chairman of the NE_government-organization-0 of the NE_government-organization-1 , NE_person-0 , meet with a NE_country-0 parliamentary group lead by vice chairman wenkerlorphsky of the NE_government-organization-2 and vice chairman NE_person-1 of the NE_government-organization-3 .
the representative group come on -CONST--0 -CONST--1 th to NE_country-0 on the invitation of the NE_organization-0 , aim at understand the situation of economic reform in NE_country-1 , the protective role of economic legislation during the process of build up a market economy structure , especially successful experience in the area of special economic zone construction .
in the even , president of the NE_organization-0 , NE_person-0 , meet with and invite the russian guest to a banquet .
( end )
NE_publication-0 , NE_city-0 , -CONST--0 -CONST--1 st
premier NE_person-0 deliver a write speech to welcome the NE_conference-0 .
he think that the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 's guidelines of plan , strategizing and implementation of the population problem and socioeconomic problem as one be correct , effective in its implementation , and successful .
NE_person-0 say that in the begin of -CONST--0 of this year , the NE_organization-0 would hold the NE_conference-0 in NE_city-0 with the theme of " population , continuous economic growth and continuous development " .
this show that the international community have increasingly recognize that population and development be inseparable , and prepare to adopt action together .
he feel that this congress have important mean , and the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 have give it high level attention and will be send a delegation to attend the congress .
NE_person-0 say NE_country-0 be the most populous develop country in the world .
the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 include the population problem into the overall plan of the national economy and its social development , always emphasize that population growth and economic development need to fit together , and be coordinated with resource utilization and environmental protection .
in light of NE_country-0 's basic national condition , the chinese ENT_government-organization-0 have determine plan parenthood and environmental protection as -CONST--0 -CONST--1 national policy , implement a population policy and plan parenthood program that suit NE_country-1 's actual need .
at the same time , the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 also formulate a series of important policy and measure to realize continuous development , such as the protection of women 's legal right and benefit , the promotion of equality among men and women , the forceful development of healthcare for women and children , the zealous elimination of poverty , and protect the environment .
presently , the NE_country-0 economy be continuously grow , society be stable and unite , people 's livelihood be continuously improve , and the population birth rate and the natural population growth rate have drop to a lower level .
NE_person-0 say the population problem be one of the major problem currently face by the international community .
due to difference in country 's situation , difference in economic development level , cultural background , historical tradition , and social system , each country should formulate suitable , effective population policy accord to the actual situation of the native country .
this be the sovereignty of each country and it should receive full respect .
he say NE_country-0 be in a critical period of build up a socialist market economy system and increase the pace of its modernization build - up , but a huge , overwhelm growth in population be still restrain the social and economic development , affect the further improvement of the live standard of the people , and have also bring about heavy pressure on the natural resource and the natural environment .
because of this , for a fairly long period of time , at the same time as forcefully develop the economy , NE_country-0 will continue to pay close attention to do well the work of family plan .
the chinese ENT_government-organization-0 strongly believe that , the resolution of NE_country-0 's population problem be not just be responsible for the prosperity of the chinese race and the happiness of future generation , but be also an important contribution in stabilize the world 's population .
for this , the NE_country-0 ENT_government-organization-0 view with extreme importance and actively participate in international population activity , and sincerely hope that the international community will adopt a stand of realistic resolution of population and development problem , seek similarity while accommodate difference , co @-@ operate closely to strive hard together towards a stable world population to create a beautiful future !
